Anarchist historian George Woodcock reports that " The annual Congress of the International had not taken place in 1870 owing to the outbreak of the Paris Commune , and in 1871 the General Council called only a special conference in London .
A bomb was thrown by an unknown party near the conclusion of the rally , killing an officer .
In the ensuing panic , police opened fire on the crowd and each other .
Josiah Warren is widely regarded as the first American anarchist , and the four-page weekly paper he edited during 1833 , The Peaceful Revolutionist , was the first anarchist periodical published .
Weak central coherence theory hypothesizes that a limited ability to see the big picture underlies the central disturbance in autism .
The word autism first took its modern sense in 1938 when Hans Asperger of the Vienna University Hospital adopted Bleuler 's terminology autistic psychopaths in a lecture in German about child psychology .
Most land areas are in an albedo range of 0.1 to 0.4 .
Now expanded to nine , these include the Poarch Band of Creek Indians , MOWA Band of Choctaw Indians , Star Clan of Muscogee Creeks , Echota Cherokee Tribe of Alabama , Cherokees of Northeast Alabama , Cherokees of Southeast Alabama , Ma-Chis Lower Creek Indian Tribe , Piqua Sept of Ohio Shawnee Tribe , and United Cherokee Ani-Yun-Wiya Nation .
Of those who indicated a religious preference , 59 % said they possessed a " full understanding " of their faith and needed no further learning .
Once he realized that his distraction was endangering his life , he refocused and killed her .
Pausanias has been told that the island is " covered with forests and full of animals , some wild , some tame .
In Indiana , when Lincoln was nine , his mother Nancy died of milk sickness in 1818 .
Canoeing down the Sangamon River , Lincoln ended up in the village of New Salem in Sangamon County .
The Lincolns ' fourth son , Thomas " Tad " Lincoln , was born on April 4 , 1853 , and died of heart failure at the age of 18 on July 16 , 1871 .
Lincoln also supported the Wilmot Proviso , which , if it had been adopted , would have banned slavery in any U.S. territory won from Mexico .
Lincoln emphasized his opposition to Polk by drafting and introducing his Spot Resolutions .
Realizing Clay was unlikely to win the presidency , Lincoln , who had pledged in 1846 to serve only one term in the House , supported General Zachary Taylor for the Whig nomination in the 1848 presidential election .
The awards were first given in 1929 at a ceremony created for the awards , at the Hotel Roosevelt in Hollywood .
After the success of her later novels , Rand was able to release a revised version in 1959 that has since sold over three million copies .
Career Dwan operated Flying A Studios in La Mesa , California from August , 1911 to July , 1912 .
Ibn Khaldun provides a table summarizing the Zirid , Banu Ifran , Maghrawa , Almoravid , Hammadid , Almohad , Merinid , Abdalwadid , Wattasid , Meknassa and Hafsid dynasties .
The forests are inhabited by boars and jackals .
Russia is also building two 636-type diesel submarines for Algeria .
The undisputed master of this music is El Hadj M'Hamed El Anka .
Best universities of qualifications remain the University of Tlemcen and Batna Hadj Bereket , they occupy the 26th and 45th row in Africa , which is a very bad standing .
Anthropologists study topics including the origin and evolution of Homo sapiens , the organization of human social and cultural relations , human physical traits , human behavior , the variations among different groups of humans , how the evolutionary past of Homo sapiens has influenced its social organization and culture , and so forth .
The alchemist Robert Boyle is credited as being the father of chemistry .
Alchemy coexisted alongside emerging Christianity .
His writing portrayed alchemy as a sort of terrestrial astronomy in line with the Hermetic axiom As above so below .
On some systems Control-S retains its meaning but Control-Q is replaced by a second Control-S to resume output .
Her tears formed the river Achelous .
There are three systems of schools – Andorran , French and Spanish – which use Catalan , French and Spanish , respectively , as the main language of instruction .
Soule argued that the animals were not consistent enough with their real world inspirations , and said , " It seems to me that the failure of this book ( commercially it is already assured of tremendous success ) arises from the fact that the satire deals not with something the author has experienced , but rather with stereotyped ideas about a country which he probably does not know very well " .
Orwell biographer Jeffrey Meyers has written , " virtually every detail has political significance in this allegory . "
Gymnophiona The order Gymnophiona ( from the Greek gymnos meaning " naked " and ophis meaning " serpent " ) or Apoda ( from the Latin an - meaning " without " and the Greek poda meaning " legs " ) comprise the caecilians .
Other satellite males remain quietly nearby , waiting for their opportunity to take over a territory .
Meanwhile they have been observed to ingest fluid exuded from the maternal cloaca .
These are part of the broader discipline of zoology but are seldom studied alone .
The state has an independence movement favoring a vote on secession from the United States , with the Alaskan Independence Party .
Between 1700 and 1980 , " the total area of cultivated land worldwide increased 466 % " and yields increased dramatically , particularly because of selectively bred high-yielding varieties , fertilizers , pesticides , irrigation , and machinery .
He spent the later part of his life in the United States , living in Los Angeles from 1937 until his death .
Ada , ADA , or A.D.A. may refer to : Food People Places Literature , film , music , and the arts Politics and government Science and engineering See also
Aberdeen is a city in Scotland , United Kingdom .
Aberdeen may also refer to : Aberdeen , Scotland Aberdeen , Scotland , is home of : Africa Asia Australia Europe North America Other See also
Fossilized filamentous algae from the Vindhya basin have been dated back to 1.6 to 1.7 billion years ago .
Analysis of variance ( ANOVA ) is a collection of statistical model s used to analyze the differences between group means and their associated procedures ( such as " variation " among and between groups ) , in which the observed variance in a particular variable is partitioned into components attributable to different sources of variation .
In its simplest form , ANOVA provides a statistical test of whether or not the mean s of several groups are all equal , and therefore generalizes t-test to more than two groups .
So ANOVA statistical significance results are independent of constant bias and scaling errors as well as the units used in expressing observations .
The general equation for complete combustion is : or CnH2n +2 + ( ( 3n +1 ) / 2 ) O2 → ( n +1 ) H2O + nCO2 In the absence of sufficient oxygen , carbon monoxide or even soot can be formed , as shown below : For example methane : See the alkane heat of formation table for detailed data .
Generally , an answer is a reply to a question or is a solution , a retaliation , or a response that is relevant to the said question .
Performed thousands of times in recent years , Mr. Dragon 's arrangement has been played for state occasions such as the memorial services for Presidents Ford and Reagan and at tribute concerts for events such as the Oklahoma City bombing and 9/11 .
Greek ἄβαξ itself is probably a borrowing of a Northwest Semitic , perhaps Phoenician , word akin to Hebrew ʾābāq ( אבק ) , " dust " ( since dust strewn on wooden boards to draw figures in ) .
The American National Standards Institute ( ANSI , ) is a private non-profit organization that oversees the development of voluntary consensus standards for products , services , processes , systems , and personnel in the United States .
The organization also coordinates U.S. standards with international standards so that American products can be used worldwide .
Inside Mission Control Center in Houston , Texas , computer engineer Jack Garman told guidance officer Steve Bales it was safe to continue the descent and this was relayed to the crew .
Armstrong said that moving in the lunar gravity , one-sixth of Earth 's , was " even perhaps easier than the simulations ... It 's absolutely no trouble to walk around " .
Additional details Several books indicate early mission timelines had Buzz Aldrin rather than Neil Armstrong as the first man on the Moon .
Almost every senior manager at NASA agreed with this new mission , citing both confidence in the hardware and personnel , and the potential for a significant morale boost provided by a circumlunar flight .
About an hour after starting his sleep shift , Borman requested clearance to take a Seconal sleeping pill .
Bill Anders spent much of the next 20 hours taking as many photographs as possible of targets of interest .
The United States Air Force also presents an Astronaut Badge to its pilots who exceed in altitude .
The first ionisation energy of hydrogen ( 1312.0 kJ/mol ) is much higher than that of the alkali metals .
Sodium is found in many different minerals , of which the most common is ordinary salt ( sodium chloride ) , which occurs in vast quantities dissolved in seawater .
For that reason , caesium atoms are used as the definition of the second .
The oldest text in Phoenician script is an inscription on the sarcophagus of King Ahiram .
From 1973 to 1974 , he shot the film The Mirror , a highly autobiographical film drawing on his childhood and incorporating some of his father 's poems .
His funeral ceremony was held at the Alexander Nevsky Cathedral .
Evidence for this hypothesis includes testimonies by former KGB agents who claim that Viktor Chebrikov gave the order to eradicate Tarkovsky to curtail what the Soviet government and the KGB saw as anti-Soviet propaganda by Tarkovsky .
Then , if one sees f = f ( y +1 ) , there is no way to distinguish whether it means f = f ( x ) multiplied by ( y +1 ) , or function f evaluated at argument equal to ( y +1 ) .
Aardvarks live for up to 24 years in captivity .
Reinforcement can include manure , straw , cement , rebar or wooden posts .
Once the vigas , satias and brush are laid , adobe bricks are placed .
Cities , states and empires developed in these lowlands .
In attendance were Curaçao Governor P. Kasteel , and U.S. Rear Admiral T. E. Chandler .
In 1786 – 87 , Shays ' Rebellion , an uprising of farmers in western Massachusetts against the state court system , threatened the stability of state government .
Signatures The Second Continental Congress approved the Articles for distribution to the states on November 15 , 1777 .
Economy The Atlantic has contributed significantly to the development and economy of surrounding countries .
Islands include Newfoundland ( including hundreds of surrounding islands ) , Greenland , Iceland , Faroe Islands , Great Britain ( including numerous surrounding islands ) , Ireland , Rockall , Sable Island , Azores , St. Pierre and Miquelon , Madeira , Bermuda , Canary Islands , Caribbean , Cape Verde , São Tomé and Príncipe , Annobón Province , Fernando de Noronha , Rocas Atoll , Ascension Island , Saint Helena , Trindade and Martim Vaz , Tristan da Cunha , Gough Island ( Also known as Diego Alvarez ) , Falkland Islands , Tierra del Fuego , South Georgia Island , South Sandwich Islands , and Bouvet Island .
In Buddhism , however , while greed and lust are always unskillful , desire is ethically variable - it can be skillful , unskillful , or neutral .
There is , in fact , one physical object we know more intimately than we know any object of sense perception : our own body .
Portugal 's new revolutionary leaders began in 1974 a process of political change at home and accepted its former colonies ' independence abroad .
There are three divisions — the Army ( Exército ) , Navy ( Marinha de Guerra , MGA ) , and National Air Force ( Força Aérea Nacional , FAN ) .
There are also Brazilian-made EMB-312 Tucano for training role , Czech-made L-39 for training and bombing role , Czech Zlin for training role and a variety of western made aircraft such as C-212 \ Aviocar , Sud Aviation Alouette III , etc. .
Mobutu Sese Seko , the President of Zaire , met with António de Spínola , the transitional President of Portugal , on September 15 , 1974 on Sal island in Cape Verde , crafting a plan to empower Holden Roberto of the National Liberation Front of Angola , Jonas Savimbi of UNITA , and Daniel Chipenda of the MPLA 's eastern faction at the expense of MPLA leader Agostinho Neto while retaining the façade of national unity .
Production rose by 30 % in 2006 and Endiama , the national diamond company of Angola , expects production to increase by 8 % in 2007 to 10 million carats annually .
Angola is basically interested in the participation of the FAA operations of the African Union and has formed special units for this purpose .
On January 19 , 1862 , the ill-prepared Confederates , after a night march in the rain , attacked the Union force with some initial success .
Another tourist destination that draws more than 650,000 visitors each year is the Drumheller Valley , located northeast of Calgary .
Alberta is an important destination for tourists who love to ski and hike ; Alberta boasts several world-class ski resort s such as Sunshine Village , Lake Louise , Marmot Basin , Norquay and Nakiska .
Taxation Government revenue comes mainly from royalties on non-renewable natural resources ( 30.4 % ) , personal income taxes ( 22.3 % ) , corporate and other taxes ( 19.6 % ) , and grants from the federal government primarily for infrastructure projects ( 9.8 % ) .
In his paper on mass – energy equivalence Einstein produced E = mc2 from his special relativity equations .
According to general relativity , the observed gravitational attraction between masses results from the warping of space and time by those masses .
He overthrew and killed Gurgin Khan , and made the Afghan region independent from Persia .
The citadel of Alexander in the western city of Herat has been renovated in recent years and is a popular attraction for tourists .
History The history of Albania emerged from the prehistoric stage from the 4th century BC , with early records of Illyria in Greco-Roman historiography .
Inland conditions vary depending on elevation , but the higher areas above 1,500 m/5 ,000 ft are rather cold and frequently snowy in winter ; here cold conditions with snow may linger into spring .
Vast forests of black pine , beech and fir are found on higher mountains and alpine grasslands grow at elevations above 1800 meters .
Since the collapse of the former regime , there has been a considerable increase in car ownership and bus usage .
The first compilation of Albanian folk music was made by Pjetër Dungu in 1940 .
In other scripts and languages in other languages with Arabic script is spelled in the same way .
On 1 January 2012 , the country started a two-year term as a non-permanent member of the United Nations Security Council .
The Upper Paleolithic and late Bronze Age cultures are attested in the caves of Tağılar , Damcılı , Zar , Yataq-yeri and in the necropolis es of Leylatepe and Saraytepe .
Although the bulk of the newly formed Azerbaijani army was engaged in putting down an Armenian revolt that had just broken out in Karabakh , Azeris did not surrender their brief independence of 1918 – 20 quickly or easily .
Azerbaijan is an active member of NATO 's Partnership for Peace program .
Azerbaijani carpets can be categorized under several large groups and a multitude of subgroups .
The true scientific research of the Azerbaijani carpet is connected with the name of Latif Kerimov , a prominent scientist and artist .
Azerbaijan has also hosted many international chess tournaments and competitions and became European Team Chess Championship winners in 2009 .
Roles of uke and nage Aikido training is based primarily on two partners practicing pre-arranged forms ( kata ) rather than freestyle practice .
Only 30 to 50 % of conceptions progress past the first trimester .
As Wicklund crisscrosses the West to provide abortion services to remote clinics , she tells the stories of women she 's treated and the sacrifices she and her loved ones made .
Spain finally entered officially the war in June 1779 , thus implementing the Treaty of Aranjuez , although the Spanish government had been providing assistance to the revolutionaries since the very beginning of the war .
The impact of this speedup enables , for example , portable computing devices ( as well as other devices ) to consume less power Classification There are various ways to classify algorithms , each with its own merits .
This is closely related to the study of methods of hypercomputation .
Clones and bootlegs There have been many unofficial ports of Asteroids produced .
Moraea and Homeria are two genera of poisonous plants which are a problem in sheep and cattle producing regions , notably in South Africa .
Others are herbaceous ( e.g. Hosta , Anthericum ) .
Astronomers began to realize the possibilities of Earth impact .
The three largest objects in the asteroid belt , Ceres , 2 Pallas , and 4 Vesta , grew to the stage of protoplanet s. Ceres has been classified as a dwarf planet , the only one in the inner Solar System .
Characteristics Size distribution Asteroids vary greatly in size , from almost 1000 kilometres for the largest down to rocks just tens of metres across .
Vesta may eventually be so classified as well .
Compared to the Helix Nebula , another planetary nebula in Aquarius , it is quite small .
Anime is currently popular in many different regions around the world .
Such techniques were often used not only to meet deadlines but also as artistic devices .
This editing process was far more prevalent in the past ( e.g. Voltron ) , but its use has declined because of the demand for anime in its original form .
As Ankara started expanding westward in the 1970s , several modern , suburbia-style developments and mini-cities began to rise along the western highway , also known as the Eskişehir Road .
They were the Turkish Cup winners in 1972 and 1981 .
Arabic is the eleventh-most-spoken language in the United States .
There is no universal name for this type of transliteration , but some have named it Arabic Chat Alphabet .
The action sequences were shot in a small boat in the studio water tank .
Selznick complained that the notion was " science fiction " , only to be confronted by the news stories of the detonation of two atomic bombs on Hiroshima and Nagasaki in Japan in August 1945 .
Since then , the standard set of languages included in Altaic has comprised Turkic , Mongolic , Tungusic , Korean , and Japanese .
General situation of German language As German is a pluricentric language , Austrian German is merely one among several varieties of Standard German .
Much like the relationship between British English and American English , the Austrian and German varieties differ in minor respects ( e.g. , spelling , word usage and grammar ) but are recognizably equivalent and largely mutually intelligible .
See non-measurable set for more details .
Maenchen-Helfen suggests an East Germanic origin and rejects a Turkic etymology : " Attila is formed from Gothic or Gepidic atta , " father " , by means of the diminutive suffix - ila . "
Legend has it he built a castle on top of a hill north of Aquileia to watch the city burn , thus founding the town of Udine , where the castle can still be found .
The Volsunga saga and the Poetic Edda also claim that King Atli ( Attila ) died at the hands of his wife , Gudrun .
In a metafiction al touch , the husband is a writer working on a manuscript called " A Clockwork Orange , " and Alex contemptuously reads out a paragraph that states the novel 's main theme before shredding the manuscript .
Jugendstil and Georgian are mostly found outside the city ’s centre in the neighbourhoods built in the early 20th century , although there are also some striking examples of these styles in the city centre .
It is ranked fifth in this category and is only surpassed by London , Paris , Frankfurt and Barcelona .
Jazz has a strong following in Amsterdam , with the Bimhuis being the premier venue .
Audi started using a beating heart sound trademark beginning in 1996 .
The propeller is usually mounted in front of the power source in tractor configuration but can be mounted behind in pusher configuration .
Alexander Graham Bell ( March 3 , 1847 – August 2 , 1922 ) was an eminent scientist , inventor , engineer and innovator who is credited with inventing the first practical telephone .
Each culture left behind unique artifacts , still being uncovered by archaeologists .
Following the Greco-Turkish War of 1919-1922 , all remaining ethnic Anatolian Greeks were forced out during the 1923 population exchange between Greece and Turkey .
The band completed their third album and released it exclusively digital on August 29 , 2009 .
They established a Southern government , the Confederate States of America on February 4 , 1861 .
Congress admitted West Virginia to the Union on June 20 , 1863 .
The one clear Confederate victory in the West was the Battle of Chickamauga .
The fact that Warhol 's homosexuality influenced his work and shaped his relationship to the art world is a major subject of scholarship on the artist and is an issue that Warhol himself addressed in interviews , in conversation with his contemporaries , and in his publications ( e.g. , Popism : The Warhol 1960s ) .
With peace and security established in his dominions , he convoked an assembly of the states and declared his son Malik Shah I his heir and successor .
They married on May 21 , 1945 , with Yaguchi two months pregnant ( she never resumed her acting career ) , and the couple would remain together until her death in 1985 .
Wine and meat were enjoyed by all on feast days while the upper classes indulged on a more regular basis .
although it has also been argued that " kings of this period did not personally act as frontline war leaders , fighting alongside their troops . "
The cult of the goddess Isis , for example , became popular in the Roman Empire , as obelisks and other relics were transported back to Rome .
Pitman shorthand uses straight strokes and quarter-circle marks in different orientations as the principal " alphabet " of consonants ; vowels are shown as light and heavy dots , dashes and other marks in one of 3 possible positions to indicate the various vowel-sounds .
First record together " Hej , gamle man " " Hej , gamle man " , a song about an old Salvation Army soldier , became the quartet 's first hit .
Forming the group ( 1970 till 1973 ) After the 1970 release of Lycka , two more singles credited to ' Björn & Benny ' were released in Sweden , " Det kan ingen doktor hjälpa " ( " No Doctor Can Help with That " ) and " Tänk om jorden vore ung " ( " Imagine If the Earth Were Young " ) , with more prominent vocals by Fältskog and Lyngstad – and moderate chart success .
Nevertheless , the group enjoyed warm reviews from the American press .
The other noble gases ( except helium ) are produced this way as well , but argon is the most plentiful by far , since it has a much higher concentration in the atmosphere .
The latter three have been used as agricultural insecticide s and poison s. The protonation steps between the arsenate and arsenic acid are similar to those between phosphate and phosphoric acid .
Epidemiological studies have suggested a correlation between chronic consumption of drinking water contaminated with arsenic and the incidence of all leading causes of mortality .
TOXMAP 's chemical and environmental health information is taken from NLM 's Toxicology Data Network ( TOXNET ) and PubMed , and from other authoritative sources .
Antimony is incompatible with strong oxidizing agent s , strong acid s , halogen acids , chlorine , or fluorine .
In this context , it is pertinent to note that the electronegativity of astatine on the Allred-Rochow scale ( 1.9 ) is less than that of hydrogen ( 2.2 ) .
Analysis The presence of aluminium can be detected in qualitative analysis using aluminon .
The Communion is held together by a shared history , expressed in its ecclesiology , polity and ethos and also by participation in international consultative bodies .
One of his teachers was H. G. Wells , who taught there in 1889 – 90 .
In 2003 , Winnie the Pooh was listed at number 7 on the BBC 's survey The Big Read .
In particular , the monumental work of Isaac Newton is essentially based on Euclid 's axioms , augmented by a postulate on the non-relation of spacetime and the physics taking place in it at any moment .
The stories became more topical , addressing issues such as civil rights , racism , prisoners ' rights , the Vietnam War , and political elections .
After vol .
Starting as itinerant traders , they soon worked their way into the social mix .
The two men found much in common : Hitler spoke of Speer as a " kindred spirit " for whom he had always maintained " the warmest human feelings " .
Rather than increasing female labor and taking other steps to better organize German labor , as Speer favored , Sauckel advocated importing labor from the occupied nations – and did so , obtaining workers for ( among other things ) Speer 's armament factories , using the most brutal methods .
Shocked by the conditions there ( 5.7 percent of the work force died that month ) , and to ensure the workers were in good enough shape to perform the labor , Speer ordered improved conditions for the workers and the construction of the above-ground Dora camp .
These were published in Weird Tales and later in book form , under the byline " H. P. Lovecraft and August Derleth " , with Derleth calling himself a " posthumous collaborator . " This practice has raised objections in some quarters that Derleth simply used Lovecraft 's name to market what was essentially his own fiction ; S. T. Joshi refers to the " posthumous collaborations " as marking the beginning of " perhaps the most disreputable phase of Derleth 's activities " .
In 1798 he established the Helvetic Republic in Switzerland ; two years later he led an army across the St. Bernhard pass and conquered almost all of the Alpine regions .
At the end of the war , a substantial amount of Nazi plunder was found stored in Austria , where Hitler had hoped to retreat as the war drew to a close .
From 1980 to the present , ski-lifts have been modernized and snow-making machines installed at many resorts , leading to concerns regarding the loss of traditional Alpine culture and questions regarding sustainable development as the winter ski industry continues to develop quickly and the number of summer tourists decline .
In 1939 , Orson Welles and the Mercury Players dramatized The Murder of Roger Ackroyd on CBS 's Campbell Playhouse .
Jane Marple , usually referred to as Miss Marple , is a fictional character appearing in 12 of Agatha Christie 's crime novels and in 20 short stories .
Lansbury 's Marple was a crisp , intelligent woman who moved stiffly and spoke in clipped tones .
During the journey in the wilderness , Aaron is not always prominent or active ; and he sometimes appears guilty of rebellious or treasonable conduct .
However , the moment Moses left , an evil man , Samiri , fashioned an idol calf out of the people 's gold and jewelry and he made the Israelites succumb to idolatry .
As God says in the Qur ' an : Aaron in Muhammad 's time Muhammad , in many of his sayings , speaks of Aaron .
The direct oxidation of primary alcohols to carboxylic acids can be carried out using potassium permanganate or the Jones reagent .
The plaque to Johnny Kilbane is situated on Achillbeg and was erected to celebrate 100 years since his first championship win .
In 1957 , " Howl " attracted widespread publicity when it became the subject of an obscenity trial in which a San Francisco prosecutor argued it contained " filthy , vulgar , obscene , and disgusting language . "
Ginsberg introduced Corso to Kerouac and Burroughs and they began to travel together .
Tom McGrath wrote " This could well turn out to have been a very significant moment in the history of England – or at least in the history of English Poetry " .
On the other hand , suppose that the property stated above holds for the field F. Let p ( x ) be an irreducible element in F [ x ] .
They produced large numbers of posters and prints published by Mabileau et Cie , covering racing events involving motorcars , aircraft , dirigibles and speedboats .
Individuals are free to enter into or reject contractual agreements as they see fit .
He says that first of all Tucker was wrong to think that that would cause the money supply to increase , because he says that the money supply in a free market would be self-regulating .
When the son of Scipio Africanus , who at the time was acting as de facto commander-in chief , was captured during the war against Antiochus III the Great in 190 BC , he came up with ransom himself .
In 1906 he published Geschichte der Leben-Jesu-Forschung ( " History of Life-of-Jesus research " ) .
Borrowers take their newly acquired funds and bid up the prices of capital and other producers ' goods , thereby stimulating a shift of investment from consumer goods to capital goods industries .
A further suggestion is that the widespread use of timber in Chacoan constructions — a resource not locally available — needed a large and easy transportation system .
When a local authority decides so , most newspapers and state institutions will re-adopt the pre-1948 Aa spelling and the Å spelling will in practice become second-place .
This is often attributed to the high concentration of educational institutions and facilities in the area .
Although Carrel himself died before he could be tried for treason , most members of his team did move to the INED , which was led by famous demographist Alfred Sauvy , who coined the expression " Third World " .
When he was forbidden to do so , he decided to dedicate it to " All Saints " , so that if his wife were in fact one of the righteous , she would also be honored whenever the feast was celebrated .
This does n't apply to imported almonds or almonds sold from the grower directly to the consumer in small quantities .
Antisemitism ( also spelled anti-semitism or anti-Semitism ) is prejudice , hatred of , or discrimination against Jews for reasons connected to their Jewish heritage .
A person who holds such positions is called an " antisemite " .
Racial antisemitism is the idea that the Jews are a distinct and inferior race compared to their host nations .
Yisrael Gutman characterizes political antisemitism as tending to " lay responsibility on the Jews for defeats and political economic crises " while seeking to " exploit opposition and resistance to Jewish influence as elements in political party platforms . "
... Jewish stinginess and financial wizardry gained them the economic control of Europe and provoked antisemitism which waxed and waned throughout Europe through the ages . "
For more than a century the backbone of the Azerbaijani economy has been petroleum , which represented 10 percent of Azerbaijan ’s GDP in 2005 , and is projected to double to almost 20 percent of GDP in 2007 .
In 1994 three national environmental laws were in effect : the Law on Environmental Protection , the Basic Law on the Environment , and the Law on Mineral Resources .
Most of Armenia 's ethnic Azeri population was deported in 1988 – 1989 and remain refugees , largely in Azerbaijan .
Experiments in developing small arms have been undertaken in Armenia , producing the K-3 assault rifle , but Jane 's Infantry Weapons estimates that the program has ceased , and the rifle is not in widespread service with the army .
In February 2003 , Armenia sent 34 peace keepers to Kosovo where they became part of the Greek contingent .
Four of his works on alchemy were translated into Latin as : In one of these works , Ibn Sīnā discredited the theory of the transmutation of substances commonly believed by alchemists : Among his works on alchemy , Liber Aboali Abincine de Anima in arte Alchemiae was the most influential , having influenced later medieval chemists and alchemists such as Vincent of Beauvais .
Two encyclopaedic treatises , dealing with philosophy , are often mentioned .
Spofforth went on to devastate the English batting , taking his final four wickets for only two runs to leave England just eight runs short of victory in one of the closest finishes in the history of cricket .
One is playing cricket ; the other is making no attempt to do so " after the latter had come into the Australian rooms to express sympathy for a Larwood bouncer had struck the Australian skipper in the heart and felled him .
Alastair Cook scored 189 and both Ian Bell and Matt Prior made centuries .
In the mid-1870s , a form of amplitude modulation — initially called " undulatory currents " — was the first method to successfully produce quality audio over telephone lines .
In 1823 he was unanimously elected a member of the academy , and in 1825 he became a member of the Royal Society of London .
The first undoubted instance is the bull by which Alexander II in 1063 granted the use of the mitre to Egelsinus , abbot of the monastery of St Augustine at Canterbury .
Ardipithecus is a fossil hominine .
It is still a matter of debate what was the relation of this genus to human ancestors , and whether it is a hominin , or not .
At the peak of its efficiency in the early 16th century , the Venetian Arsenal employed some 16,000 people who apparently were able to produce nearly one ship each day , and could fit out , arm , and provision a newly-built galley with standardized parts on an assembly-line basis not seen again until the Industrial Revolution .
It had immense influence on the world .
The Seven Network and Network Ten both own their Adelaide stations ( SAS-7 and ADS-10 respectively ) .
This style has gained popularity recently , in particular among the student population of the South-East of the country ( in the Forró Universitário genre , with important exponents today being Falamansa , and trios such as Trio Dona Zefa , Trio Virgulino and Trio Alvorada ) .
The legend of the accordion 's arrival in Colombia comes from a story of a ship wreck that was coming from Germany to Argentina .
But we were bowled over by this communication that took place beyond language . "
They often carried the title of master builder , or surveyor , after serving a number of years as an apprentice ( such as Sir Christopher Wren ) .
Members of some generally non-theistic religions such as Buddhism , tend to believe in an afterlife , but without reference to a God .
Limbo Despite popular opinion , Limbo , which was elaborated upon by theologians beginning in the Middle Ages , never entered into the teaching of the Roman Catholic Church , yet , at times , the Church incorporated the theory in its ordinary belief .
This is similar to the Harrowing of Hell doctrine of some mainstream Christian faiths .
Life is cosmic energy of the universe and after death it merges in universe again and as the time comes to find the suitable place for the entity died in the life condition it gets born .
Gardner Murphy wrote that a persons mind might survive death in a fragmentary state and merge itself into a collective consciousness .
History The history of astrometry is linked to the history of star catalogue s , which gave astronomers reference points for objects in the sky so they could track their movements .
It may mean : See also
ASL is also rich in verbal agreement .
Hence the same applet may appear differently depending on the parameters that were passed .
The exploration of how the world would look today if various changes occurred and what these alternate worlds would be like forms the basis of this vast subject matter .
Specifically , in quantum mechanics , the state of an atom , i.e. an eigenstate of the atomic Hamiltonian , is approximated by an expansion ( see configuration interaction expansion and basis set ) into linear combination s of anti-symmetrized products ( Slater determinant s ) of one-electron functions .
In atomic physics , the atomic spectral line s correspond to transitions ( quantum leap s ) between quantum state s of an atom .
The fifth and final d-orbital consists of three regions of high probability density : a torus with two pear-shaped regions placed symmetrically on its z axis .
The other product of transamidation is a keto acid that enters the citric acid cycle .
Some non-standard amino acids are used as defenses against herbivores in plants .
In chemistry , peptides are synthesized by a variety of reactions .
On 23 June 1998 , on what would have been Turing 's 86th birthday , his biographer , Andrew Hodges , unveiled an official English Heritage blue plaque at his birthplace and childhood home in Warrington Crescent , London , later the Colonnade Hotel .
Many Anglicans look to the Chicago-Lambeth Quadrilateral of 1888 as the " sine qua non " of Communal identity .
Consequently , some thirty-four cathedrals , collegiate churches and royal chapels maintained paid establishments of lay singing men and choristers in the late 16th century .
Athens Municipality The municipality of Athens is the most populous in Greece , with a population of 664,046 people ( in 2011 ) and an area of , forming the core of the Athens Urban Area within the Attica Basin .
In football , Olympiacos have dominated the domestic competitions , Panathinaikos made it to the 1971 European Cup Final , while AEK Athens is the other member of the big three .
In late June 2007 , the Attica region experienced a number of brush fires , including a blaze that burned a significant portion of a large forested national park in Mount Parnitha , considered critical to maintaining a better air quality in Athens all year round .
Cuisine Anguillan cuisine is influenced by native Caribbean , African , Spanish , French and English cuisines .
The acoustic wave equation ( and the mass and momentum balance equations ) are often expressed in terms of a scalar potential \ varphi where \ mathbf = \ nabla \ varphi .
Mackenzie 's faith was to link him to the increasingly influential temperance cause , particularly strong in Ontario where he lived , a constituency of which he was to represent in the Parliament of Canada .
Prime Minister When the Macdonald government fell due to the Pacific Scandal in 1873 , the Governor General , Lord Dufferin , called upon Mackenzie , who had been chosen as the leader of the Liberal Party a few months earlier , to form a new government .
The meaning of the word American in the English language varies according to the historical , geographical , and political context in which it is used . '
American ' is derived from America , a term originally denoting all of the New World ( also called " the Americas " ) .
In 1801 , the document titled Letter to American Spaniards — published in French ( 1799 ) , in Spanish ( 1801 ) , and in English ( 1808 ) — might have influenced Venezuela 's Act of Independence and its 1811 constitution .
People of U.S. ethnic origin in Canada are categorized as " American ( U.S. ) " by Statistics Canada for purposes of census counts .
In May 1979 , the Green proposal , designed by Jean Ichbiah at CII Honeywell Bull , was chosen and given the name Ada — after Augusta Ada , Countess of Lovelace .
The Emperor also ordered all copies of the Thalia , the book in which Arius had expressed his teachings , to be burned .
He was next appointed by the Emperor Hadrian as one of the four proconsul s to administer Italia , then greatly increased his reputation by his conduct as proconsul of Asia , probably during 134 – 135 .
One modern scholar has written " It is almost certain not only that at no time in his life did he ever see , let alone command , a Roman army , but that , throughout the twenty-three years of his reign , he never went within five hundred miles of a legion " .
Cosmic anisotropy has also been seen in the alignment of galaxies ' rotation axes and polarisation angles of quasars .
RBE quantifies the ability of radiation to cause certain biological effects , notably either cancer or cell-death , for equivalent radiation exposure .
A modern PC can do the same thing in well under a millionth of a second .
In July , an embassy of centurion s sent by Octavian entered Rome and demanded that he receive the consulship left vacant by Hirtius and Pansa .
Both Lepidus and Octavian gathered the surrendered troops of Pompeius , yet Lepidus felt empowered enough to claim Sicily for himself , ordering Octavian to leave .
Augustus retaliated by dispatching Tiberius and Drusus to the Rhineland to pacify it , which had some success although the battle of AD 9 brought the end to Roman expansion into Germany .
The cult of Divus Augustus continued until the state religion of the Empire was changed to Christianity in 391 by Theodosius I .
Augustus ' own experience , his patience , his tact , and his political acumen also played their parts .
Commonly repeated lore has it that August has 31 days because Augustus wanted his month to match the length of Julius Caesar 's July , but this is an invention of the 13th century scholar Johannes de Sacrobosco .
The infrastructure of land , water and air transport needs to be safe and sustainable .
NADC is the largest federal animal disease center in the U.S. , conducting research aimed at solving animal health and food safety problems faced by livestock producers and the public .
Geography According to the United States Census Bureau , the city has a total area of , of which is land and is water .
The principal abalone farming regions are China , Taiwan , Japan , and Korea .
jpg | Abalone sashimi File : Chineseabalonecuisine .
jpg | Abalone '' Hoe '' File : HK Food Chinese Seafood Dinner 鮑魚仔 Steamed Abalone with Mandarin orange peels .
In the 1640s the Particular Baptists were formed , diverging strongly from Arminian doctrine and embracing the strong Calvinism of the Presbyterians and Independents .
Arminianism , like any major belief system , is frequently misunderstood both by critics and would-be supporters .
Many laboratory methods exist for the organic synthesis of arenes from non-arene precursors .
In graphene the PAH motif is extended to large 2D sheets .
Further , as a result of these transformations , the PAHs lose their spectroscopic signature which could be one of the reasons " for the lack of PAH detection in interstellar ice grains , particularly the outer regions of cold , dense clouds or the upper molecular layers of protoplanetary disks . "
Austin Canons The buildings of the Austin canons or Black canons ( so called from the colour of their habit ) present few distinctive peculiarities .
broad .
The fourth generation of Annales historians , led by Roger Chartier ( 1945 – ) , clearly distanced itself from the mentalities approach , replaced by the cultural and linguistic turn , which emphasize analysis of the social history of cultural practices .
At this time , the apparent asymmetry of matter and antimatter in the visible universe is one of the greatest unsolved problems in physics .
Two years later , in celebration of the one hundredth anniversary of the beginning of work on Casa Batlló the fifth floor was restored and the house extended its visit to the loft and the well .
Gallery of Images Image : View from Park Güell Terrace .
Joan Bergós thought it was the rocks of Fray Guerau to Prades mountains .
The energy becomes where E0 is an infinite negative constant .
The Apache projects are characterized by a collaborative , consensus-based development process and an open and pragmatic software license .
Allosaurus is a genus of large theropod dinosaur that lived 155 to 150 million years ago during the late Jurassic period ( Kimmeridgian to early Tithonian ) .
The name " Allosaurus " means " different lizard " .
All rifles based on the Kalashnikov design are frequently referred to as AK-47s in the West , although this is only correct when applied to rifles based on the original three receiver types .
These trees , by locals referred to as Queñua , Yagual and other names , can be found at altitudes of above sea level .
jpg | Quechua woman and child in the Sacred Valley in Peru Peaks This list contains some of the major peaks in the Andes mountain range .
The great number of these indicates the former importance of the city .
An anagram is a type of word play , the result of rearranging the letters of a word or phrase to produce a new word or phrase , using all the original letters exactly once ; for example orchestra can be rearranged into carthorse .
Someone who creates anagrams may be called an " anagrammatist " .
Ammonia is found on Pluto , Jupiter and , in small amounts , on Uranus .
Because of its relatively high boiling point ( compared to helium and hydrogen ) , ammonia could potentially be refrigerated and liquefied aboard an airship to reduce lift and add ballast ( and returned to a gas to add lift and reduce ballast ) .
= = = = Observations of nearby dark clouds = = = = By balancing and stimulated emission with spontaneous emission , it is possible to construct a relation between excitation temperature and density .
One of the largest global amethyst producers is Zambia in southern Africa with an annual production of about 1000 tonnes .
None of these individuals are known from complete skeletons , and most are represented by remains in both museums .
For example , in the television series Northern Exposure 1992 season 3 episode " Things Become Extinct " , Native American Ira Wingfeather makes duck flute s out of Alder tree branches while Ed Chigliak films .
The shame and guilt this method induced , he believed , was far superior to the fear instilled by corporal punishment ; when he used physical " correction " he required that the students be unanimously in support of its application , even including the student to be punished .
A sarcophagus , sculptured in a single block of translucent calcite alabaster from Alabastron , is in the Sir John Soane 's Museum , London .
His wife was Jezebel .
Death of Ahab Three years later , war broke out on the east of the Jordan River , and Ahab with Jehoshaphat of Judah went to recover Ramoth-Gilead .
" Amazing Grace " is a Christian hymn with words written by the English poet and clergyman John Newton ( 1725 – 1807 ) , published in 1779 .
Containing a message that forgiveness and redemption are possible regardless of sins committed and that the soul can be delivered from despair through the mercy of God .
Walker 's collection was enormously popular , selling about 600,000 copies all over the U.S. when the total population was just over 20 million .
The 1982 science fiction film Star Trek II : The Wrath of Khan used " Amazing Grace " amid a context of Christian symbolism , to memorialize the death of Mr. Spock but more practically , because the song has become " instantly recognizable to many in the audience as music that sounds appropriate for a funeral " according to a Star Trek scholar .
There is no year " 0 " between them .
This is why a high compression engine requires fuels specially formulated to not self-ignite ( which would cause engine knocking when operated under these conditions of temperature and pressure ) , or that a supercharger and intercooler to provide a lower temperature at the same pressure would be advantageous .
An amide is a compound with the functional group RnE ( O ) xNR ' 2 ( R and R ' refer to H or organic groups ) .
Conversely , under extremely acidic conditions , the carbonyl oxygen can become protonated with a pKa of roughly − 1 .
The house where he lived in Vienna has since been destroyed ; the Hotel Sacher is built on part of the site .
ill .
His head — a cock 's — represents Phronesis , the fowl being emblematical of foresight and vigilance .
He placed a great stone gateway to the temenos , an outer temenos wall and gateway , with a colonnade between the gates .
Later excavations have been recorded by Edward R. Ayrton , Abydos , iii. ; Maclver , El Amrah and Abydos ; and Garstang , El Arabah . "
Uses Food uses Acacia seed s are often used for food and a variety of other products .
Symbolism and ritual The Acacia is used as a symbol in Freemasonry , to represent purity and endurance of the soul , and as funerary symbolism signifying resurrection and immortality .
Both people and elephants like an alcoholic beverage made from acacia fruit .
The center mostly caters to children .
Even some of the local nightclubs feature French DJs .
However , dramatic speedups did occur , especially for heavily iterative APL code .
Likewise , NR % 4 = = 3 is true for the third , seventh , eleventh , etc. , lines of input .
In September 1962 , by which time two Project Mercury astronauts had orbited the Earth , Gilruth had moved his organization to rented space in Houston , and construction of the MSC facility was under way , Kennedy visited Rice to reiterate his challenge in a famous speech : The MSC was completed in September 1963 .
png | Lunar flight profile ( distances not to scale ) .
Vines were used as a flammable wood , where they were placed beneath a drill made of harder wood , resulting in fire .
Apostles of the Alemanni were Saint Columbanus and his disciple Saint Gall .
From 1854 to 1862 , age 31 to 39 , Wallace travelled through the Malay Archipelago or East Indies ( now Singapore , Malaysia and Indonesia ) , to collect specimens for sale and to study natural history .
Oceanic islands , such as the Galapagos and Hawaiian Islands ( then known as the Sandwich Islands ) formed in mid-ocean and had never been part of any large continent .
The resolution was immediately qualified , however , by the " Blackburn amendment , " which said that " socialisation " was desirable only when was necessary to " eliminate exploitation and other anti-social features . "
The majority of trade unions in Australia are affiliated to the party , and their affiliation fees , based on the size of their memberships , makes up a large part of the party 's income .
Taking the title " Margrave of Brandenburg " , he pressed the " crusade " against the Wends , extended the area of his mark , encouraged German migration , established bishoprics under his protection , and so became the founder of the Margraviate of Brandenburg in 1157 , which his heirs — the House of Ascania — held until the line died out in 1320 .
Many agates are hollow , since deposition has not proceeded far enough to fill the cavity , and in such cases the last deposit commonly consists of drusy quartz , sometimes amethystine , having the apices of the crystal s directed towards the free space so as to form a crystal-lined cavity or geode .
Though it , and others in its group called the salicylates , have similar effects ( antipyretic , anti-inflammatory , analgesic ) to the other NSAIDs and inhibit the same enzyme cyclooxygenase , aspirin ( but not the other salicylates ) does so in an irreversible manner and , unlike others , affects more the COX-1 variant than the COX-2 variant of the enzyme .
He then retired to the Kafes previously occupied by Mahmud and died at Topkapı Palace after six years of confinement .
There , they are concentrated primarily on the southern and eastern coasts of the island of Hokkaidō .
A single sentence in Ainu can be made up of many added or agglutinate d sounds or morphemes that represent nouns or ideas .
While the Ainu Culture Law has been widely criticized for its shortcomings , the shift that it represents in Japan 's view of the Ainu people is a testament to the importance of the Nibutani decision .
The program was also criticized for its fanciful interpretation of the results of a brain scanning experiment .
Through the Julians , the Palemonids make this claim .
They married , and Crispus he became a step-father to Lucius .
Later that year at the Secular Games , at the performance of the Troy Pageant , Messalina attended the event with her son Britannicus .
Even more divergent are American stir-fry dishes inspired by Chinese food , that may contain brown rice instead of white , or those with grated cheese ; milk products are almost always absent from traditional Chinese food .
There is a Mexican bakery that sells some restaurants thinner tortillas made for use with mu shu .
Through this treaty , the Marathas controlled virtually the whole of India from their capital at Pune and Mughal rule was restricted only to Delhi ( Mughals remained the nominal heads of Delhi ) .
Sargon , throughout his long life , showed special deference to the Sumerian deities , particularly Inanna ( Ishtar ) , his patroness , and Zababa , the warrior god of Kish .
Hector is set on burning the ships , the only way he feels the Greeks will truly be defeated .
As all attempts to conduct a satisfactory negotiation with this emperor failed , Alaric , after instituting a second siege and blockade of Rome in 409 , came to terms with the Senate .
Albertus Magnus , O.P. ( 1193/1206 – November 15 , 1280 ) , also known as Albert the Great and Albert of Cologne , is a Catholic saint .
He was a German Dominican friar and a bishop .
They were given banners to mark their premises , a sign that they would not be looted .
Afonso de Albuquerque was a prolific writer , having written numerous letters to the king reporting all kind of matters during his governorship , from minor issues to major strategies .
These fragments typically feature lacunae or gaps that scholars fill with ' educated guesses ' , including for example a " brilliant supplement " by Maurice Bowra in fr .34 , a hymn to the Dioscuri that includes a description of St Elmo 's fire in the ship 's rigging .
In 1060 , Ealdred was elected to the archbishopric of York , but had difficulty in obtaining papal approval for his appointment , only managing to do so when he promised not to hold the bishoprics of York and Worcester simultaneously .
Others say that he " raised the see of York from its former rustic state " .
This wish was swiftly realized , when on in the Imperial Chapel of the Winter Palace in St. Petersburg , Alexander wed Dagmar , who converted to Orthodox Christianity and took the name Maria Feodorovna .
Due to the troubled times the empire was enduring , he had by far the greatest number of rebellions against him of all the Byzantine emperors .
Alexios captured Isaac at Stagira in Macedonia , put out his eyes , and thenceforth kept him a close prisoner , though he had been redeemed by him from captivity at Antioch and loaded with honours .
Here Alexios III eventually surrendered , with Euphrosyne , to Marquis Boniface of Montferrat , who was establishing himself as ruler of the Kingdom of Thessalonica .
He fought politically against what he denounced as a closed , undemocratic aristocracy , adding to his appeal to common citizens .
John C. Calhoun , Vice President under John Quincy Adams and during part of Jackson 's first term , had resigned over differences with Jackson , particularly over nullification and the Petticoat affair ; Jackson replaced him with longtime confidant Martin Van Buren of New York .
A severe depression from 1837 to 1844 caused the national debt to increase to over $ 3.3 million by January 1 , 1838 and it has not been paid in full since .
Further , many white Americans advocated total extermination of the " savages " , particularly those who had experienced frontier wars .
Johnson voted for all the provisions except for the abolition of slavery in the nation 's capital .
In 1859 , it failed on a procedural vote when Vice President Breckinridge broke a tie against the bill , and in 1860 , a watered-down version passed both houses , only to be vetoed by Buchanan at the urging of Southerners .
That night , President Lincoln was shot and mortally wounded by John Wilkes Booth , a Confederate sympathizer .
President Grant had the " painful duty " of announcing the death of the only surviving past president .
Reconstruction was increasingly seen as a noble effort to integrate the freed slaves into society .
History The Aberdeen area has seen human settlement for at least 8,000 years .
They inspire learning through adventure and have many programs for children and adults .
To end the schism , in May 1415 , the Council of Constance deposed John XXIII of the Pisan line .
However , research and commercial feed improvements during the 1990s and 2000s have lessened many of these concerns .
Attempts to minimise stress can occur throughout the culture process .
Theol. , art .
The city has the highest cost of living of any city in North Africa , as well as the 50th highest worldwide , as of March 2007 , having gained one position compared to the previous year .
( Persian : ابن هيثم , Arabic : أبو علي ، الحسن بن الحسن بن الهيثم , Latinized : Alhacen or ( deprecated ) Alhazen ) ( 965 in Basra – c. 1040 in Cairo ) was a Muslim scientist , polymath , mathematician , astronomer and philosopher , described in various sources as either an Arab or Persian .
He made significant contributions to the principles of optics , as well as to astronomy , mathematics , visual perception , and to the scientific method .
In general , Alhazen built on and expanded the optics of Ptolemy .
When the Moon is high in the sky there are no intervening objects , so the Moon appears close .
In the past it has also been assigned to families Aloaceae and Liliaceae or lily family .
Of the 500 + species , only a few were used traditionally as a herbal medicine , Aloe vera again being the most commonly used species .
Pope Innocent IV then ordered Sancho II to be removed from the throne and be replaced by the Count of Boulogne .
Much like in Britain , who subtracted itself from the liberal constitutional process , Spanish conservatives wanted to continue with the Traditional Spanish Organic Laws such as the Fuero Juzgo , the Novísima Recopilación and the Partidas of Alfonso X. This led to the third cause of instability of worth , the " Independence of the American Kingdoms " , recognized between 1823 and 1850 .
This is one of numerous genera with the common name " lily " due to their flower shape and growth habit .
Because of some favoritism he showed towards his second wife , the last years of his life , he had to contend with the son of his first marriage , the future Peter IV .
Cambyses complied and requested a daughter of Amasis for marriage .
Alfonso requested support from Braccio da Montone , who was besieging Joan 's troops in L'Aquila , but had to set sail for Spain , where a war had broken out between his brothers and the Kingdom of Castile .
Thanks in part to the mercantile development associated with steamboat navigation coupled with the internationally driven demand for natural rubber , the Peruvian city of Iquitos became a thriving , cosmopolitan center of commerce .
Muhammad along with his supporters from Banu Hashim , were cut off in a pass away from Mecca .
The enemy made frequent assaults in the attempt to cross the ditch .
The Twelver Shi'a criticize Abu Bakr for an alleged dispute between him and Muhammad 's daughter , Fatimah .
Many of the earlier accounts of prophets found in the Tanakh are found within the context of other accounts of Israel 's history .
The plagues in the preceding chapter , chapter four , were supposed to be seen as acts of discipline that turned Israel back to God .
Anacharsis ( ; ) was a Scythian philosopher who travelled from his homeland on the northern shores of the Black Sea to Athens in the early 6th century BC and made a great impression as a forthright , outspoken " barbarian . "
Reputedly a forerunner of the Cynics , none of his works have survived .
Ancus Marcius ( r. 640 BC – 616 BC ) was the legendary fourth of the Kings of Rome .
He was the son of Marcius ( whose father , also named Marcius , had been a close friend of Numa Pompilius ) and Pompilia ( daughter of Numa Pompilius ) .
Andronikos III married as his second wife , in 1326 , with Anna of Savoy .
The Empire 's problems were exploited by Theodore Svetoslav of Bulgaria , who defeated Michael IX and conquered much of northeastern Thrace in c. 1305 – 1307 .
This turned out not to be a problem , partly because of the extensive electrical insulation improvements instituted after the Apollo 1 fire .
According to the analysts , these pictures also showed the antenna damage and possibly an upward tilt to the fuel cell shelf above the oxygen tank compartment .
However , on repeat occasions over the course of the mission , Schirra was instructed that the helmets should be worn for safety reasons .
Several , e.g. , silver acetylide ( Ag2C2 ) and copper acetylide ( Cu2C2 ) , are powerful and very dangerous explosives .
Samples of concentrated or pure acetylene can easily react in an addition-type reaction to form a number of products , typically benzene and/or vinylacetylene .
Decisions were made by voting without any time set aside for deliberation .
Competence does not seem to have been the main issue , but rather , at least in the 4th century BC , whether they were loyal democrats or had oligarchic tendencies .
In the 10th century , Middle-East ern mathematicians extended the decimal numeral system to include fractions , as recorded in a treatise by Syrian mathematician Abu ' l-Hasan al-Uqlidisi in 952 – 953 .
The first test flight of the missile is expected in 2010 .
The Gorgon ( SH-11 / ABM-4 ) long-range missile was designed to handle intercepts outside the atmosphere , and the Gazelle ( SH-08 / ABM-3 ) short-range missile endoatmospheric intercepts that eluded Gorgon .
An acre is about 40 % of a hectare .
For example , a certain landowner might have been said to own 32,000 acres of land , not 50 square miles of land .
ATP is therefore continuously recycled in organisms : the human body , which on average contains only of ATP , turns over its own body weight equivalent in ATP each day .
Activity-dependent release of ATP from synapses , axons and glia activates purinergic membrane receptors known as P2 .
Research results obtained during that period were not shared between the Axis and the Allied powers during the war .
Emergence of resistance often reflects evolution ary processes that take place during antibacterial drug therapy .
He was nicknamed the " Austrian Oak " and the " Styria n Oak " in his bodybuilding days , " Arnie " during his acting career and more recently " The Governator " ( a portmanteau of " Governor " and " The Terminator " – one of his best-known movie roles ) .
When the deal , including the contract that gave Schwarzenegger at least $ 1 million a year , was made public in 2005 , many criticized it as being a conflict of interest since the governor 's office made decisions concerning regulation of dietary supplements in California .
Men 's Health magazine has estimated his height at 5 ' 10 " .
His next film , the comedy drama True Lies ( 1994 ) was a popular spy film , and saw Schwarzenegger , reunited with James Cameron , appearing opposite Jamie Lee Curtis .
In 1949 they were introduced by Neil Maaskant ( Van Andel 's second cousin ) to the Nutrilite Products Corporation .
IBOs may earn income both from the retail markup on any products they sell personally , plus a performance bonus based on the sales volume they and their downline ( IBOs they have sponsored ) have generated .
In April 1997 Richard DeVos and his wife , Helen , gave $ 1 million to the Republican National Committee , which at the time was the second-largest soft-money donation ever , behind Amway 's 1994 gift of $ 2.5 million to the RNC .
On Novermber 2012 , The Economic Offences Wing of Kerala Police , conducted searches at the offices of Amway at Kozhikode , Thrissur and Kannur as part of its crackdown on money chain activities and closed down the firm 's godowns at these centres .
For example , Smith lectured that the cause of increase in national wealth is labor , rather than the nation 's quantity of gold or silver , which is the basis for mercantilism , the economic theory that dominated Western Europe an economic policies at the time .
Later years In 1766 , Henry Scott 's younger brother died in Paris , and Smith 's tour as a tutor ended shortly thereafter .
The outer shell of the calorimeter was packed with snow , which melted to maintain a constant temperature of around an inner shell filled with ice .
Though his surname was Shrivastava , his father had adopted the pen-name Bachchan ( meaning " child-like " in colloquial Hindi ) , under which he published all his works .
Television career In 2000 , Bachchan hosted India 's adaptation of the British television game show , Who Wants to Be a Millionaire ?
In the late 15th century , the enigmatic Hypnerotomachia , with its elaborate woodcut illustrations , shows the influence of themed pageants and masque s on contemporary allegorical representation , as humanist dialectic conveyed them .
Baron Augustin-Louis Cauchy ( ; 21 August 1789 – 23 May 1857 ) was a French mathematician who was an early pioneer of analysis .
Use and regulation Prevalence of use Complementary and alternative medicine ( CAM ) has been described as a broad domain of healing resources that encompasses all health systems , modalities , and practices and their accompanying theories and beliefs , other than those intrinsic to the politically dominant health system of a particular society or culture in a given historical period .
Since 1938 , the U.S. Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) has regulated homeopathic products in " several significantly different ways from other drugs . "
The natural history of Africa encompasses some of the well known megafauna of that continent .
Natural history is the study and description of organisms and natural objects , especially their origins , evolution , and interrelationships .
Of reptile s the lizard and chameleon are common , and there are a number of venomous snake s , though these are not so numerous as in other tropical countries .
S. on the west coast .
In the first election , the winner secured the support of 41 % of voters against several write-in candidates .
The partnership will help establish a network for knowledge sharing and testing of innovation .
Amalric had an enormous curiosity , and William was reportedly astonished to find Amalric questioning , during an illness , the resurrection of the body .
References Citations and footnotes External links
In 1164 began twenty years of crusades against the Wends , sometimes with the help of German duke Henry the Lion , sometimes in opposition to him .
Eventual violation of the law was specified as subject to a secular legal process .
New York , Chicago , and Detroit have many art deco buildings : The famous skyscrapers are the best-known , but notable art deco buildings can be found in various neighborhoods .
GermanyIn Germany two variations of art deco flourished in the 1920s and 30s : The Neue Sachlichkeit ( New Objectivity ) employed the same curving horizontal lines and nautical motifs that are known as Streamline Moderne in the Anglophone world .
During Portuguese colonial rule in Angola and Mozambique , a large number of buildings were erected especially in the capital cities of Luanda and Maputo .
According to a chapter in the " RTTY Handbook " , text images have been sent via teletypewriter as early as 1923 .
During the 1990s , graphical browsing and variable-width fonts became increasingly popular , leading to a decline in ASCII art .
He joined with George Marston and other civic-minded businessmen to purchase the site of the original Presidio of San Diego , which they developed as a historic park and eventually donated to the city of San Diego .
That is , the rules do not say whether one player may ask another how many shares of stock he or she owns in a particular chain .
As with British spelling , the '' u '' is retained in words such as '' colour '' , '' honour '' , '' labour '' and '' favour '' .
The 184 victims of the attack are memorialized in the Pentagon Memorial adjacent to the Pentagon .
On the side where the plane hit , the Pentagon is bordered by Interstate 395 and Washington Boulevard .
After a Rome staffer personally assured Thompson that he would be able to travel from Los Angeles to Las Vegas immediately after the show , Thompson changed his travel plans .
Mechanism of action Belonging to the penicillin group of beta-lactam antibiotics , ampicillin is able to penetrate Gram-positive and some Gram-negative bacteria .
Alleged CIA involvement Experts debate whether or not the al-Qaeda attacks were blowback from the American CIA 's " Operation Cyclone " program to help the Afghan mujahideen .
The highlands are part of the Southern Interior Highlands , including The Ozarks and the Ouachita Mountains .
Today , two minor league teams are based in the state .
Beebe was reelected to his second and final term in 2010 which will expire January 13 , 2015 .
By 1938 , it was the largest in the world .
Attorney may refer to : See also
He also donated £ 50,000 to help set up the University of Birmingham in 1899 .
The travel kits and the educational game programs have been utilized by most major airlines for 25 years .
Over three decades , the Australian Democrats achieved representation in the legislatures of the ACT , South Australia , New South Wales , Western Australia and Tasmania as well as Senate seats in all six states .
Its membership largely comprised tertiary-educated and middle-class constituents .
This is a geographic curiosity : an exclave of NSW land enclosed by an exclave of ACT land .
For example , those who drank over 3 units a day had nearly twice the risk of a hip fracture .
Luckily , due to the nature of the show being little more than fan service , it was easy for Fry , Leela and the others to replicate it by simply putting Leela in a miniskirt and ad libbing the dialogue on the spot ; this satiated the aliens , who left Earth peaceably .
But the Great Depression brought new assaults on civil liberties ; the year 1930 saw a large increase in the number of free speech prosecutions , a doubling of the number of lynchings , and all meetings of unemployed persons were banned in Philadelphia .
Chicago and New York proclaimed " Civil Rights " weeks , and President Franklin Delano Roosevelt announced a national Bill of Rights day .
In November 2000 , 15 African-American residents of Hearne , Texas , were indicted on drug charges after being arrested in a series of " drug sweeps " .
In 1993 , Adobe introduced PDF , the Portable Document Format , and its Adobe Acrobat and Reader software .
This was incorporated into the Block II CSM design , along with lessons learned in Block I. Block II would be test-flown with the LM when the latter was ready , and would be used on the Moon landing flights .
All countdown functions up to the simulated internal power transfer had been successfully completed by 6:20 pm , but at 6:30 the count remained on hold at T minus 10 minutes .
The lowest measured point in the trajectory was above the lunar surface at 21:29:43 UTC .
jpg | CSM '' Charlie Brown '' Image : Apollo_10_earthrise .
It was the first rocket launch attended by an incumbent US president , Richard Nixon .
Since there was no way to figure out whether or not this was the case , ground controllers decided not to tell the astronauts about the possibility .
EVA 2 lasted 7 hours and 12 minutes .
They had agreed with Van Hoeydonck that no replicas were to be made .
ogg | '' ' Liftoff from the Moon '' ' - The liftoff from the Moon as from the perspective of the Lunar Module Pilot .
After ALSEP deployment , they collected samples in the vicinity .
Therefore the main reason for Parliament imposing taxes was to prove its supremacy , and the main use of the tax funds would be patronage for ambitious British officers .
Spain Spain did not officially recognize the U.S. but became an informal ally when it declared war on Britain on June 21 , 1779 .
Both British and American governments made promises of freedom for service , and many slaves fought in one army or the other .
The invasion army under Burgoyne waited in vain for reinforcements from New York , and became trapped in northern New York state .
When considered among the individual brightest stars in the sky ( excluding the Sun ) , Alpha Centauri A is the fourth brightest at − 0.01 magnitude , being only fractionally fainter than Arcturus at − 0.04 v magnitude .
This " AB " designation denotes the apparent gravitational centre of the main binary system relative to other companion star ( s ) in any multiple star system . "
Over the centuries , this causes the apparent stellar positions to slowly change .
Although early Commodore advertisements attempted to cast the computer as an all-purpose business machine , the Amiga was most commercially successful as a home computer , with a wide range of games and creative software .
They are , in order of appearance : 1000 , 2000 , 500 , 1500 , 2500 , 3000 , 3000UX , 3000T , CDTV , 500 + , 600 , 4000 , 1200 , CD32 , and 4000T .
Under unfavourable conditions , the organism will form a cyst , which is multi-walled and covered in spikes .
The word Angula may refer to one of the following :
ASP may refer to : Electronics Astronomy Business Combat Computing Education Entertainment Medicine and biology Aircraft Politics Sports Miscellaneous
Algebraic geometry is a branch of mathematics , classically studying zeros of polynomial equations .
Modern algebraic geometry is based on more abstract techniques of abstract algebra , especially commutative algebra , with the language and the problems of geometry .
On the other hand CAD is yet , in practice , the best algorithm to count the number of connected components .
Capital Metro is also looking into a circulator system of streetcars to connect most of Downtown , the University of Texas at Austin , and the Mueller Airport Redevelopment .
After roll call , there were individual and collective punishments , depending on what had happened during the day , and after these , the prisoners were allowed to retire to their blocks for the night to receive their bread rations and water .
For they did not have long to sleep " .
Those too weak or sick to walk were left behind .
For the first time arrows could be fired behind the rider with penetrating power .
The Navajo people have developed highly-ornamented bracers as non-functional items of adornment .
In 1941 he accepted an invitation as a visiting professor to MIT , in the USA .
Ayer died on 27 June 1989 .
I 'm afraid I 'm going to have to revise all my books and opinions . "
He rejoined Oxford in 2011 as Royal Society Research Professor .
In On Christian Doctrine Augustine contrasts love , which is enjoyment on account of God , and lust , which is not on account of God .
On the topic of original sin , Aquinas proposed a more optimistic view of man than that of Augustine in that his conception leaves to the reason , will , and passions of fallen man their natural powers even after the Fall .
Definition and history One of the first actor s is believed to be an ancient Greek called Thespis of Icaria .
Xanthippus , the Athenian commander at Mycale , had furiously rejected this ; the Ionian cities were originally Athenian colonies , and the Athenians , if no-one else , would protect the Ionians .
One of his most celebrated achievements is the discovery of the first arithmetic Weil cohomology theory : the ℓ-adic étale cohomology .
At the time of his birth Grothendieck 's mother was married to the journalist Johannes Raddatz , and his birthname was initially recorded as Alexander Raddatz .
The speedup of such optimized routines varies by array element size , architecture , and implementation .
That part of Rodin which appreciated 18th-century tastes was aroused , and he immersed himself in designs for vases and table ornaments that brought the factory renown across Europe .
Nothing , really , is more moving than the maddened beast , dying from unfulfilled desire and asking in vain for grace to quell its passion . "
Ann Arbor Municipal Airport , which is south of the city at , has an elevation of .
Seven judges serve on the court .
This program is open to all families who live within the district .
In the Fort Worth Star-Telegram daily newspaper ( morning edition ) 19 September 1970 , J. Howard " Doc " DeCelles states that he was actually the victim of the first skyjacking in December 1929 .
Doc " stalled long enough to convey the information to his boss , who told him to cooperate .
For aircraft with joint registration , one country is designated as the registration state for the purpose of the convention .
Cultural significance Every four years , the Athenians held a festival called the Panathenaea that rivaled the Olympic Games in popularity .
This replaced the original cream-coloured ' wall wart ' style power supply , designed to BS 415 and manufactured in Hong Kong .
On the Electron version of Frak !
( Acts 3:13 ; 5:30 ; 15:10 ; 22:14 ; 26:6 ; 28:5 ) Those who agree with this claim often reject that Luke is writing an apology .
His own account of his conversion , , is not detailed .
Paul is sent by sea to Rome , where he spends another two years under house arrest , proclaiming the Kingdom of God and teaching the " Lord Jesus Christ " ( ) .
According to some Judaeo-Christian theological traditions , the city of Ashur ( also spelled Assur or Aššur ) was founded by Ashur the son of Shem , who was deified by later generations as the city 's patron god .
Although regarded as an Amorite by later Assyrian tradition , Shamshi-Adad is also credited with descent from the native Akkadian speaking ruler Ushpia in the Assyrian King List .
Assyria under Mitanni domination The emergence of the Mitanni Empire in the 16th century BC did eventually lead to a period of sporadic Mitanni - Hurrian domination in the 15th century .
In the Neo-Assyrian period the Aramaic language became increasingly common , more so than Akkadian — this was thought to be largely due to the mass deportations undertaken by Assyrian kings , in which large Aramaic-speaking populations , conquered by the Assyrians , were relocated to Assyria and interbred with the Assyrians .
The team finished the 1960s with only 12 wins .
The Falcons ’ corporate offices , state-of-the-art training and locker room facilities , a 140-seat auditorium and associated meeting rooms , are located in the two-story headquarters .
Theodism is focused on the lore , beliefs and social structure - particularly the concept of thew ( Old English þeaw ) or " customary law " - of various specific Germanic tribes .
In the presence of the axiom schema of separation , Russell 's paradox becomes a proof that there is no set of all sets .
AIX can harness POWER7 's ability to execute instructions out-of-order instead of in-order , by using POWER7 's aggressive out-of-order instruction set which drives highly efficient use of available execution paths .
AppleTalk is a proprietary suite of networking protocols developed by Apple Inc. for their Mac computers .
AppleTalk included a number of features that allowed local area network s to be connected with no prior setup or the need for a centralized router or server of any sort .
These included a speed of 230.4 kbit/s , 1000 feet maximum distance , and only 32 nodes per LAN .
The BSD and Linux operating systems support AppleTalk through an open source project called Netatalk , which implements the complete protocol suite and allows them to both act as native file or print servers for Macintosh computers , and print to LocalTalk printers over the network .
Apple also challenged VTech 's Laser 128 , an enhanced clone of the Apple IIc first released in 1984 , in court .
The popularity of these PCs and their clones then transformed business again with LAN applications such as e-mail and later Internet applications such as Usenet and the WWW .
However , many Apple III 's experienced heating issues , allegedly caused by insufficient cooling and inability to dissipate the heat efficiently .
In addition to the balancing described above for insertions , if the balance factor for the tree is 2 and that of the left subtree is 0 , a right rotation must be performed on P. The mirror of this case is also necessary .
Early in the twentieth century psychologist Carl Jung developed some concepts concerning astrology , which led to the development of psychological astrology .
These audiences were generally not fluent in the English language .
It consisted of several Eurocard PCB 's with DIN 41612 connectors , and a backplane all based on a 19-inch rack configuration .
The player names consist of navy blue lettering sewn to a white nameplate .
Player names are sewn to a gray nameplate .
Due to its similarities to the original Apple Macintosh and Jack Tramiel 's role in its development , it was quickly nicknamed the " Jackintosh " .
Released in 1992 , the Falcon was canceled by Atari the following year .
1991 – 95 : Age Ai n't Nothing but a Number and marriage After Hankerson signed a distribution deal with Jive Records , he signed Aaliyah to his Blackground Records label at the age of 12 .
The soundtrack went on to sell 1.5 million copies in the United States .
However , some immigrants from African , Caribbean , Central American and South American nations , and their descendants , may be identified or self-identify with the term .
Africans and Englishmen fought side by side and were fully integrated .
Meanwhile , during the 2007 – 2008 year , Chicago public school officials claimed that their budget of $ 11,300 per student was not enough .
Similarly , the Dutch digraph " ĳ " , normally pronounced as , is written as " y " , except where it replaces the Dutch suffix – lijk which is pronounced as or , as in > .
There is a much smaller number of Afrikaans speakers among Zimbabwe 's white minority , as most have left the country since 1980 .
The club 's success in the late 1990s and first decade of the 21st century owed a great deal to the 1996 appointment of Arsène Wenger as manager .
In addition , Arsenal and Manchester United developed a strong on-pitch rivalry in the late 1980s , which intensified in recent years when both clubs were competing for the Premier League title – so much so that a 2003 online poll by the Football Fans Census listed Manchester United as Arsenal 's biggest rivals , followed by Tottenham and Chelsea .
However , Kroenke agreed not to purchase more than 29.9 % of the club until at least September 2009 , while the rest of the board have first option on each other 's shares until October 2012 .
As of October 2011 , Kroenke owns 41,574 shares ( 66.82 % ) and Red & White Securities own 18,261 shares ( 29.35 % ) .
Contributions from these ethnic foods have become as common as traditional " American " fares such as hot dogs , hamburgers , beef steak , which are derived from German cuisine , ( chicken-fried steak , for example , is a variation on German schnitzel ) , cherry pie , Coca-Cola , milkshake s , fried chicken ( Fried chicken is of Scottish and African influence ) and so on .
Nowadays , Americans also have a ubiquitous consumption of foods like pizza and pasta , taco s and burrito s to " General Tso 's chicken " and fortune cookie s. Fascination with these and other ethnic foods may also vary with region .
In May 1993 , a new effort was made to reinstate the Islamabad Accord .
The Taliban moved against Jalalabad , under the control of the Pashtun Jalalabad Shura , to the east of Kabul .
This description was included in Book 8 of his voluminous Philippica , which contains a dialogue between King Midas and Silenus , a companion of Dionysus .
Dhimmis had to pay a special poll tax ( the " jizya " ) , which exempted them from military service , and also from payment of the Zakat alms tax required of Muslims .
In another incident , an Al-Manar commentator recently referred to " Zionist attempts to transmit AIDS to Arab countries " .
The Amstrad CPC ( short for Colour Personal Computer ) is a series of 8-bit home computer s produced by Amstrad between 1984 and 1990 .
It was designed to compete in the mid-1980s home computer market dominated by the Commodore 64 and the Sinclair ZX Spectrum , where it successfully established itself primarily in the United Kingdom , France , Spain , and the German-speaking parts of Europe .
CPC664 The CPC664 features 64 kB RAM and an internal 3-inch floppy disk drive .
The table below shows vowels placed above or below a dotted circle replacing a primary consonant letter or a Shadda sign .
They transliterated the Arabic language using Syriac script .
Folklore consists of legends , music , oral history , proverbs , jokes , popular beliefs , fairy tales , stories , tall tales , and customs that are the traditions of a culture , subculture , or group .
It is also the set of practices through which those expressive genres are shared .
These songs were typically performed while adjusting the rigging , raising anchor , and other tasks where men would need to pull in rhythm .
In the following year , Aspyr Media and Loki Software ported both titles over to Mac OS and Linux .
But after divers righted the ferry five months after it sunk , they found evidence of a bomb blast .
Other distinct dialects include the Homshetsi language of the Hemshin people and Lomavren language of the Bosha , both of which are categorized as belonging to the Armenian language family .
Inharmonic additive synthesis can be described as where f_k \ , is the constant frequency of k \ , th partial .
For example , a harmonic sound could be restructured to sound inharmonic , and vice versa .
Therefore , aircraft carriers are generally accompanied by a number of other ships to provide protection for the relatively unwieldy carrier , to carry supplies , and to provide additional offensive capabilities .
Russia Speaking in St. Petersburg , Russia on 30 June 2011 , the head of Russia 's United Shipbuilding Corporation said his company expected to begin design work for a new carrier in 2016 , with a goal of beginning construction in 2018 and having the carrier achieve initial operational capability by 2023 .
One possible target for drugs is the plastid , and in fact existing drugs such as tetracycline s which are effective against apicomplexans seem to operate against the plastid .
Pizza — made with very thin , and sometimes thick , high-rising dough s , with or without cheese , cooked in the oven or a la piedra ( on a stone oven ) , and stuffed with numerous ingredients - — is a dish which can be found in nearly every corner of the country .
Stews such as locro , carbonada and cazuela s ( casseroles ) are also typical dishes characterizing this region , which also include pumpkin or potato pudding stuffed with meat .
The consumption of alcoholic beverages in Argentina is similar to that of the United States and somewhat lower than the Western European average .
However , his time at home in Vienna would be quickly brought to a close when an opportunity to write an opera for Paris arose , again through the patronage of Gluck Salieri traveled abroad to fulfill an important commission .
In the 1920s it was rumored used for both mushroom growing and bootleg whiskey stills even though there was no access into the main portion of the tunnel .
Examples Abiotic stress comes in many forms .
It has identical antioxidant properties to L-ascorbic acid , yet has far less vitamin C activity ( although not quite zero ) .
History From the middle of the 18th century , it was noted that lemon juice could prevent sailors from getting scurvy .
The shirts have been manufactured by Umbro ( 1989 – 2000 ) and Adidas since 2000 ( until at least 2010 ) .
The cortex mainly produces cortisol , aldosterone and androgen s , while the medulla chiefly produces epinephrine and norepinephrine .
Hasmonaean also appears in quotations in the Mishnah and Tosefta , although smoothed into its later context .
Its oldest form is Old East Jordanian , which probably comes from the region of Caesarea Philippi .
Its golden age was the 4th to 6th centuries .
Fluoride s of actinides are usually used because they are insoluble in water and can be easily separated with redox reactions .
Turley appealed to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit , on the grounds that the government was abusing its power to classify material .
The intense vomiting and occasional diarrhea it induces can clear the body of worms and other tropical parasite s , and harmala alkaloids themselves have been shown to be anthelmintic Thus , this action is twofold ; a direct action on the parasites by these harmala alkaloids ( particularly harmine in ayahuasca ) works to kill the parasites , and parasites are expelled through the increased intestinal motility that is caused by these alkaloids .
The legal status in the United States of DMT-containing plants is somewhat questionable .
The application of vowel harmony gives two different suffixes : - tól and - től .
The Advent Christian Church officially formed in 1861 , and grew rapidly at first .
Today the choice is made in the name of the monarch by the prime minister , from a shortlist of two selected by an ad-hoc committee called the Crown Nominations Commission .
Associazione Sportiva Roma ( , ) , commonly referred to as simply Roma , is a professional Italian football club based in Rome .
Founded by a merger arranged by the Fascist regime in 1927 , Roma have participated in the top-tier of Italian football for all of their existence but one season in the early 50s ( 1951 – 52 ) .
Captain Attilio Ferraris along with Guido Masetti , Fulvio Bernardini and Rodolfo Volk were highly important players during this period .
Under future national team manager Giuseppe Viani , promotion straight back up was achieved .
He also holds the record for Serie A appearances with 474 , as he passed Giacomo Losi on 1 March 2008 , during a home match against Parma .
The arms of the Y , for example , contain the sites that can bind two antigens ( in general , identical ) and , therefore , recognize specific foreign objects .
As trading became tighter in the petroleum market , and Aston Martin was requiring more time and money , Gauntlett agreed to sell Hays/Pace to the Kuwait Investment Office in September 1983 .
At 23 , he published his first poem , “ Hymns to the Gods .
Senior Afghan government officials do not trust Dostum as they are concerned that he might be secretly rearming his forces .
Other religions include Buddhism , Jainism and Sikhism .
The Island has a large museum that houses many Buddhist relics .
Intel 's i740 was explicitly designed to exploit the new AGP feature set .
Mark Allen of Playtools.com made the following comments regarding Practical AGP Compatibility for AGP 3.0 and AGP 2.0 : " ... nobody makes AGP 3.0 cards , and nobody makes AGP 3.0 motherboards .
The HD 5000 AGP series mentioned in the catalyst software was never available .
The oldest artistic representation of Aalen was made in 1528 .
The sermon he gave the following day convinced the mayor , the council , and the citizens to adopt the reformation in the town .
Nazi eugenics led to compulsory sterilization of some 200 persons there .
The district of Waldhausen was the district with the highest percentage of Roman Catholic inhabitants at 75.6 percent , and the central district was the one with the highest percentage of Evangelical-Lutheran inhabitants at 25.6 percent , as well as those claiming no religious preference at 32.5 percent .
png | Ratio of married inhabitants contrasted to unmarried Politics Aalen has arranged a municipal association with Essingen and Hüttlingen .
There is a Boeing 737 – 800 in the retro AstroJet livery .
A bar code system is used to track hazardous waste .
Selikoff and Robitzek also experimented with another anti-tuberculosis , iproniazid ; it showed a greater psychostimulant effect , but more pronounced toxicity .
As the P-doped layer supplies holes to the depleted region , negative dopant ions are left behind in the P-doped layer ( ' P ' for positive charge-carrier ions ) .
The vertical sync pulses are made by prolonging the length of HSYNC pulses through almost the entire length of the scan line .
It was inefficient and produced a lot of heat which led to premature failures in the circuitry .
Hopkins has been married three times .
These compositions include The Masque of Time , given its world premiere with the Dallas Symphony Orchestra in October 2008 , and Schizoid Salsa .
On February 10 , 2003 , the Athlon XP with 512KB L2 Cache was released .
State of origin games also declined in importance , especially after an increasing number of withdrawals by AFL players .
On October 22 , 2012 , Aon announced that it agreed to buy OmniPoint , Inc , a Workday consulting firm .
This leaves those opposed to instrumental music in worship with the understanding that if God wanted instrumental music in New Testament worship , He would have commanded not just singing , but singing and playing like he did in the Old Testament .
That production received a nomination for a Lucille Lortel award as Best Musical and a Drama Desk nomination for Best Lyrics .
In March 2008 , she purchased a house in Haytor , on Dartmoor in Devon , to where she has now retired .
Thereafter , Shah Jahan appointed him governor of Gujarat where he served well and was rewarded for bringing stability .
Printmaking Altdorfer was a significant printmaker , with numerous engraving s and about ninety-three woodcut s. These included some for the Triumphs of Maximilian , where he followed the overall style presumably set by Hans Burgkmair , although he was able to escape somewhat from this in his depictions of the more disorderly baggage-train , still coming through a mountain landscape .
In a healthy individual , the number of CD4 + lymphocytes is in balance with the cells generated by the bone marrow ; however , in HIV-positive patients , this balance is lost due to an inability of the bone marrow to regenerate CD4 + cells .
: " Studies indicate that about 25 percent of heterosexual couples have had anal sex at least once , and 10 percent regularly have anal penetration . "
The sharpest increase was among African American men , whose incidence of anal cancer has more than doubled in the past three decades .
Abaddon is given particularly important roles in two sources , a homily entitled " The Enthronement of Abbaton " by pseudo - Timothy of Alexandria , and the Apocalypse of Bartholomew .
It was the largest triumphal arch in existence until the construction of the Arch of Triumph in Pyongyang , in 1982 .
Amazonite ( sometimes called " Amazon stone " ) is a green variety of orthoclase feldspar .
The name is taken from that of the Amazon River , from which certain green stones were formerly obtained , but it is doubtful whether green feldspar occurs in the Amazon area .
More recently , high-quality crystals have been obtained from Pike 's Peak , Colorado , where it is found associated with smoky quartz , orthoclase , and albite in a coarse granite or pegmatite .
Their plan was based on the concept that a species is not extinct as long as all its genes are still present in a living population .
Furthermore , there is a painting by Willem Kalf depicting an aurochs horn .
Black symbolizes the native black people of South Africa , green represents the land and gold represents the mineral and other natural wealth of South Africa .
For children 9 – 12 years of age the half-life of the drug is ( D : L ) 9:11 .
The barrage of Ottoman cannon fire lasted forty days , and they are estimated to have fired 19,320 times .
Rifling had been tried on small arms in the 15th century .
Classification of artillery Artillery types can be categorised in several ways , for example by type or size of weapon or ordnance , by role or by organizational arrangements .
Many SPs can not fire without deploying stabilizers or spades , sometimes hydraulic .
This technique uses a precise determination of the time of flight from each firing battery to the target area .
In October , Arnulf undertook his second campaign into Italy .
Among the new knowledge products and services developed , Learning Curves are handy , two-paged quick references designed to feed findings and recommendations from evaluation to a broader range of clients Evaluation News report on events in monitoring and evaluation .
In 2001 , Articolo 31 collaborated with the American old school rapper Kurtis Blow on the album XChé SI ! .
In the same year , they made the movie Senza filtro ( in English , " Without filter " ) .
Also running on a JOHANNIAC , the Logic Theory Machine constructed proofs from a small set of propositional axioms and three deduction rules : modus ponens , ( propositional ) variable substitution , and the replacement of formulas by their definition .
On July 12 , 2005 , Merchant Law Group LLP on behalf of over 1,100 Canadian veterans and civilians who were living in and around the CFB Gagetown filed a lawsuit to pursue class action litigation concerning Agent Orange and Agent Purple with the Federal Court of Canada .
Adam based his works in part on Einhard , Cassiodorus , and other earlier historians , as he had the whole library of the church of Bremen at his fingertips .
As a body of law , administrative law deals with the decision-making of administrative units of government ( for example , tribunal s , board s or commissions ) that are part of a national regulatory scheme in such areas as police law , international trade , manufacturing , the environment , taxation , broadcasting , immigration and transport .
There is a statue of him in the Botanic Gardens , Sydney .
It is about 76,000 years old , with marks that may have been used to count or store information .
Three major books of account are at the direct basis of this system : the memoriale ( Italian : memorandum ) , the giornale ( Journal ) , and the quaderno ( ledger ) .
Ants have colonised almost every landmass on Earth .
Weaver ant s , for example , have a distinct bimodal size distribution .
Their attractive , almost sweetmeat-like translucency possibly invited the first essays at their consumption by the human species " .
In the Book of Proverbs in the Bible , ants are held up as a good example for humans for their hard work and cooperation .
Examples are Robert Frost in his poem " Departmental " and T. H. White in his fantasy novel The Once and Future King .
However , it is by no means a settled legal matter whether or not this time limit applies when the person moving to vacate is challenging , not the award itself , but the very contractual obligation to arbitrate in the first place .
He was such a favourite with the latter , that , when Greece was visited by a drought in consequence of a murder which had been committed , the oracle of Delphi declared that the calamity would not cease unless Aeacus prayed to the gods that it might .
Minoan ceramics have been found in contexts of ca. 2000 BC .
A Federalist , St. Clair hoped to see two states made of the Ohio Territory in order to increase Federalist power in Congress .
Ajaigarh is like a city of joy .
Current research indicates that Buddha images in a portable form , made of wood or stone , were introduced , for the first time , at Kanheri , to be followed soon at Ajanta Cave 8 ( Dhavalikar , Jadhav , Spink , Singh ) .
There was a total of 1,557,264 literates compared to 1,168,856 in the 2001 census .
The population of Ajmer city according census 2011 is 5,42,580 positioning Ajmer in top 100 major cities of India and 5th in Rajasthan .
As for himself , he was very strict in the observance of the laws .
Abbreviators of the lower presidency before their suppression were simple clerics , and according to permission granted by Sixtus IV ( loc .
As prelates , and therefore possessing the legal dignity , they were competent to receive and execute papal commands .
Some products combine these ingredients , which essentially cancels them out , to forestall unpleasant side effects .
The pain and symptoms of gastro-oesophageal reflux disease , GERD or simply " reflux " , may mimic those of a heart attack .
Griffin described Abdur Rahman as a man of middle height , with an exceedingly intelligent face and frank and courteous manners , shrewd and able in conversation on the business in hand .
It is so called because it is usually applied to planets and other objects in the solar system whose motion and distance are accurately known .
For instance , a change in the declination of γ Draconis would be mirrored by an equal and opposite change to the declination of a star 180 degrees opposite in right ascension .
This word was first used by Robert Blair ( d. 1828 ) , professor of practical astronomy at Edinburgh University , to characterize a superior achromatism , and , subsequently , by many writers to denote freedom from spherical aberration .
London Math .
If , therefore , for two colors , a and b , f_a = f_b = f , then for a third color , c , the focal length is different ; that is , if c lies between a and b , then f_c < f , and vice versa ; these algebraic results follow from the fact that towards the red the dispersion of the positive crown glass preponderates , towards the violet that of the negative flint .
Soc. , 1878 ) , the most suitable for visual instruments ( optical achromatism , ) .
Religion There are several Roman Catholic , Baptist , Lutheran , Methodist , and the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints churches in the area , as well as one synagogue .
From him it has descended continuously , through fifteen individuals , the title being increased to an Earl dom in 1784 ; and in 1876 William Nevill 5th Earl ( b. 1826 ) , ( d. 1915 ) an indefatigable and powerful supporter of the Tory Party , was created 1st Marquess of Abergavenny .
This encoding was native to the SPARCstation 1 hardware , where SunOS exposed the encoding to application programs through the / dev/audio interface .
These are variously known as pedanías ( " hamlets " ) , villas ( " villages " ) , aldeas ( also usually rendered as " villages " ) , or other similar names .
References
The AutoCAD command set is localized as a part of the software localization .
Additional tools generate standard 2D drawings , such as elevations and sections , from a 3D architectural model .
The application began with a version for the iPhone and has since expanded to include version for the iPod Touch , iPad , Android phones , and Android tablets .
This technique , a precursor to impressionism , is noted for the short brush strokes where the colors are not necessarily blended smoothly .
The master drive is the drive that usually appears " first " to the computer 's BIOS and/or operating system .
However , most modern devices will report write operations as complete once the data is stored in its onboard cache memory , before the data is written to the ( slow ) magnetic storage .
In May 1985 , Jack relented and paid GCC the overdue payment .
While the creator of the NES version would be restricted from making a competitive version of an NES game , the original arcade copyright holder was not precluded from licensing out rights for a home version of an arcade game to multiple systems .
The unit was delayed and eventually in 1995 mass production was canceled all together , but not before an estimated 100 or so were made .
However , the Game Gear was backed up by significantly more titles and consequently the market became dominated by Nintendo .
Telegames released a number of games in the second half of the 1990s , including a port of Raiden and a platformer called Fat Bobby in 1997 , as well as an action sports game called Hyperdrome in 1999 .
Jain communities accepted the use of military power for their defense , and there were Jain monarchs , military commanders , and soldiers .
Following evacuation in 1941 during the Great Patriotic War ( World War II ) , he graduated in Aşgabat , in today 's Turkmenistan .
The lander 's primary mission would be to search for evidence of life on Mars ( biosignature s ) , past or present .
A skilled pilot will be able to climb vertically , perform very tight turns , tumble his aircraft end-over-end and perform manoeuvres during loops .
The objects fall into two broad categories : resources ( e.g. , printers ) and security principal s ( user or computer accounts and groups ) .
Authentication across this type of trust is Kerberos based ( as opposed to NTLM ) .
Reynolds also experimented with laminar to turbulent flow transition in 1883 .
Eastman Jacobs , working for NACA , presented his optimized airfoils for high subsonic speeds which led to some of the high performance American aircraft during World War II .
An alphabet song is any of various songs used to teach children an alphabet , used kindergarten s , pre-school s and homes around the world .
Alphabet songs typically follow the alphabetic principle ( though the phonics method offers variants ) .
( Rousseau famously argues in Emile ( 1762 ) that women should be educated for the pleasure of men ; Wollstonecraft , infuriated by this argument , attacks not only it but also Rousseau himself . )
The Rights of Woman was not reprinted until the middle of the 19th century and it still retained an aura of ill-repute .
In a nod to the current deep US political divide between Republicans led by Mitt Romney and the Democrats of Obama — battling to win the Presidential election on 6 November — she stressed with a smile " Those of you who are familiar with American politics I 'm sure understand the need for negotiated compromise . "
Due to technical development , more and more spotters are using equipment like radar decoders to track the movements of aircraft .
The tobacco industries was one of the firsts to make use of mass production , with the introduction of the Bonsack machine to roll cigarettes .
Advertising , in its non-commercial guise , is a powerful educational tool capable of reaching and motivating large audiences . "
This reflects an increasing trend of interactive and " embedded " ads , such as via product placement , having consumers vote through text messages , and various innovations utilizing social network service s such as Facebook or Twitter .
Unpaid advertising ( also called " publicity advertising " ) , can provide good exposure at minimal cost .
To call a problem AI-complete reflects an attitude that it would not be solved by a simple specific algorithm .
Formalization Computational complexity theory deals with the relative computational difficulty of computable function s. By definition it does not cover problems whose solution are unknown or have not been characterised formally .
This , Thom argued , was a notch on the horizon where a double sunset would occur at midwinter .
Yet , as a theoretician , his devotion to ground and caution led his contemporary , Carl von Clausewitz , to criticize his rigidity and adherence to geographic strategy .
The theory and the practice of Archduke Charles form one of the most curious contrasts in military history .
Augustine was the prior of a monastery in Rome when Pope Gregory the Great chose him in 595 to lead a mission , usually known as the Gregorian mission , to Britain to Christianize King Æthelberht and his Kingdom of Kent from their native Anglo-Saxon paganism .
Other qualifications included administrative ability , for Gregory was the abbot of St Andrews as well as being pope , which left the day-to-day running of the abbey to Augustine , the prior .
PerlScript ( a derivative of Perl ) and others are available as third-party installable Active Scripting engines .
this script is NOT vulnerable to XSS , the input has been encoded using HTML Encoding % > = = = The Error object = = = Allows for the management of errors . " )
Wedge-shaped polycrystals were identified by transmission electron microscopy to grow out of the amorphous phase only after the latter has exceeded a certain thickness , the precise value of which depends on deposition temperature , background pressure and various other process parameters .
After stopping to buy a boat from an old man , healing his cataracts in payment , Ged continues to the isle of Vemish , wher he learns a man with his appearance was seen crossing the island and walking out to sea .
( Prior to this , Lifeson used Moog Taurus Bass Pedals before they were replaced by Korg MIDI pedals in the 1980s . )
But the island of Delos ( or Ortygia in the Homeric Hymn to Artemis ) disobeyed Hera , and Leto gave birth there .
jpg | A wild albino elephant from Kruger National Park File : Albino Macropus rufogriseus rufogriseus .
screenname = notarealuserThis type of link is commonly found on forum profiles , to easily add contacts Vulnerabilities AIM is known for security weaknesses that have enabled exploits to be created that use third-party software to perform malicious acts on users ' computers .
The application is available for free from the App Store , but the company also provides a paid version , which displays no advertisements .
In computability theory , the Ackermann function , named after Wilhelm Ackermann , is one of the simplest and earliest-discovered examples of a total computable function that is not primitive recursive .
All primitive recursive functions are total and computable , but the Ackermann function illustrates that not all total computable functions are primitive recursive .
The Antarctic ( or ) is a polar region , specifically the region around the Earth 's South Pole , opposite the Arctic region around the North Pole .
The Antarctic comprises the continent of Antarctica and the ice shelves , waters , and island territories in the Southern Ocean situated south of the Antarctic Convergence .
Green and pleasant Land " Blake lived in London for most of his life , but wrote much of Milton while living in the village of Felpham in Sussex .
One unexpected touch is that Jerusalem is sung in four-part harmony , as if it were truly a hymn .
Fredrika vows to watch the smiles occur .
Anne promises her husband that she will consent to have sex shortly ( " Soon " ) .
Sharon sent a small scout force , which was met with heavy fire and became bogged down due to vehicle malfunction in the middle of the pass .
Under cover of darkness Sharon 's forces moved to a point on the Suez Canal that had been prepared before the war .
As she does , the Cookies appear and begin to dance ( “ Everybody Says Do n't ” ) .
The dancing is the cream . "
The re-submitted legislation passed the Senate in August 2009 .
The gyroelongated triangular prismatic tiling has the same vertex figure as one of the plain prismatic tilings ; the two may be derived from the gyrated and plain triangular prismatic tilings , respectively , by inserting layers of cubes .
In 1960 , Inejiro Asanuma , Chairman of the Japanese Socialist Party , was assassinated in a stabbing by an extreme rightist .
The alcohol dehydrogenase allele ADH1 B * 3 causes a more rapid metabolism of alcohol .
The study found abstinence from alcohol was the most stable form of remission for recovering alcoholics .
Hence it is surprising that Tarski 's student Szmielew ( 1955 ) proved that the first order theory of abelian groups , unlike its nonabelian counterpart , is decidable .
The Soviet doctrine called for development of their own ABM system and return to strategic parity with the US .
Newly prosperous members of the bourgeoisie erected large homes , and began to take prominent roles in urban life that rivaled the aristocracy 's .
In 2010 , Robert L. Nudds and Gareth J. Dyke in the journal Science published a paper in which they analysed the rachis es of the primary feathers of Confuciusornis and Archaeopteryx .
The Greek term " pteryx " ( ) primarily means " wing " , but can also designate merely " feather " .
DNA controversy On May 9 , 2006 , while 18 months into a two-year probation sentence , Adrian Lamo refused to give the United States government a blood sample , one that they had demanded in order to record his DNA in their CODIS system .
The lyrics were mostly written by Earle Crooker , but he had left the project , with the score needing vast improvement .
This film was a critical and box office failure , but has gained a modern following .
Alfred Gerald Caplin ( September 28 , 1909 – November 5 , 1979 ) , better known as Al Capp , was an American cartoonist and humorist best known for the satirical comic strip Li'l Abner .
He also wrote the comic strips Abbie an ' Slats and Long Sam .
In an April 1969 letter to Time , Capp insisted , " The students I blast are not the dissenters , but the destroyers — the less than 4 % who lock up deans in washrooms , who burn manuscripts of unpublished books , who make combination pigpens and playpens of their universities .
The remaining 96 % detest them as heartily as I do . "
Ann Druyan ( born June 13 , 1949 ) is an American author and producer specializing in productions about cosmology and popular science .
He then travelled west to Minneapolis , San Francisco , Stanford , and Los Angeles before starting to return east at the end of October .
History In the 1970s , a group of activists and engineers calling themselves the New Alchemists believed the warnings of imminent resource depletion and starvation .
The basic trick in a solar water heating system is to use a well-insulated holding tank .
Less dramatic improvements are possible .
According to what Aleut people told Japanese castaways , otters were decreasing year by year and their share in return of furs they made also were decreasing as Russian ships stopped coming to the island .
Sea lion whiskers worn in male ’s ears represented a trophy , which meant he was a good hunter .
The gut was then cut and stretched and fastened to stakes to dry and then made into waterproof parkas , bags , and other receptacles ( Turner Ch .
5 pg .
Amphisbaena ( , plural : amphisbaenae ) , amphisbaina , amphisbene , amphisboena , amphisbona , amphista , amfivena , amphivena , or anphivena ( the last two being feminine ) , a Greek word , from amphis , meaning " both ways " , and bainein , meaning " to go " , also called the Mother of Ants , is a mythological , ant - eating serpent with a head at each end .
According to Greek mythology , the amphisbaena was spawned from the blood that dripped from the Gorgon Medusa 's head as Perseus flew over the Libyan Desert with it in his hand .
Alameda was the site of the Southern Pacific 's West Alameda Shops where all the electric trains were maintained and repaired .
MediaNews closed the Times-Star in 2011 .
The tall , bright-red sculpture stands in front of Pauling 's childhood home in Portland , Oregon .
It is roughly 10 % faster than Thunderbird at the same clock speed , thanks in part to the new SIMD functionality and to several additional improvements .
Of the area drained by the Amu Darya , only about actively contribute water to the river .
Names and cultural significance The name of the star derives from Ancient Greek Αρκτοῦρος ( Arktouros ) and means " Guardian of the Bear " , ultimately from ἄρκτος ( arktos ) , " bear " + οὖρος ( ouros ) , " watcher , guardian " .
The name Alramih is used in Geoffrey Chaucer 's Treatise on the Astrolabe of 1391 .
Although Hanbury Brown et al. realized that Altair would be rotationally flattened , they had insufficient data to experimentally observe its oblateness .
Since the great and growing modern city stands immediately over the ancient one , it is almost impossible to find any considerable space in which to dig , except at enormous cost .
The tram fares are 25 piastres ( 0.25 pounds ) during most of the day , and 50 piastres ( 0.50 pounds ) after midnight .
Moreover , the benefit of the manga led to three anime adaptations , several animated movies , numerous video games , and mega-merchandising .
Additionally , the nozzle now has electromechanical actuators which have replaced the heavier hydraulic ones used for thrust vector control .
In a computer 's central processing unit ( CPU ) , an accumulator is a register in which intermediate arithmetic and logic results are stored .
Without a register like an accumulator , it would be necessary to write the result of each calculation ( addition , multiplication , shift , etc. ) to main memory , perhaps only to be read right back again for use in the next operation .
In mathematics , particularly abstract algebra , an algebraic closure of a field K is an algebraic extension of K that is algebraically closed .
It is one of many closures in mathematics .
By 1885 , the founding of the Georgia School of Technology ( now Georgia Tech ) and the city ’s black colleges had established the city as a center for higher education .
The city ’s economic problems are displayed in its elevated unemployment rate , declining real income levels , and depressed housing market .
Contemporary art museums include the Atlanta Contemporary Art Center and the Museum of Contemporary Art of Georgia .
In 2001 and 2011 , Atlanta hosted the PGA Championship , one of the four major championships in men ’s professional golf , at the Atlanta Athletic Club .
Tree canopy Atlanta has a reputation as the " city in a forest " due to an abundance of trees that is unique among major cities .
After literally dragging Nora home from the party , Torvald goes to check his mail but is interrupted by Dr. Rank , who has followed them .
In this ending , Nora is led to her children after having argued with Torvald .
Composition Ibsen started thinking about the play around May 1878 , although he did not begin its first draft until a year later , having reflected on the themes and characters in the intervening period ( he visualised its protagonist , Nora , for instance , as having approached him one day wearing " a blue woolen dress " ) .
U.S. AIM-7 Sparrow Aerial Combat Victories in the Vietnam War 1965-1973 United States Navy AIM-7 aerial combat kills : United States Air Force AIM-7 aerial combat kills : Improved versions of the AIM-7 were developed in the 1970s in an attempt to address the weapon 's limitations .
The main changes were to the software , improving low-level performance .
As with other semi-active radar guided missiles , the missile does not generate radar signals , but instead homes in on reflected continuous-wave signals from the launch platform 's radar .
The analog fire control computer prototype was handcrafted by RAF Wing Commander Tom Pinkerton at the USAF Avionics Laboratory at Wright-Patterson AFB .
By symmetry , any algebra which satisfies any two of : is alternative and therefore satisfies all three identities .
The aim of the merger was to give Florence a strong club to rival those of the more dominant Italian Football Championship sides of the time from Northwest Italy .
Some Afrobeat influence can also be found in the music of Vampire Weekend and Paul Simon .
In number theory , an arithmetic , arithmetical , or number-theoretic function is a real or complex valued function ƒ ( n ) defined on the set of natural number s ( i.e. positive integer s ) that " expresses some arithmetical property of n. " An example of an arithmetic function is the non-principal character ( mod 4 ) defined by To emphasize that they are being thought of as functions rather than sequences , values of an arithmetic function are usually denoted by a ( n ) rather than an .
There is a larger class of number-theoretic functions that do not fit the above definition , e.g. the prime-counting functions .
The Alien and Sedition Acts were four bills passed in 1798 by the Federalists in the 5th United States Congress in the aftermath of the French Revolution and during an undeclared naval war with France , later known as the Quasi-War .
Then he proves the antithesis , that time has no beginning , by showing that if time had a beginning , then there must have been " empty time " out of which time arose .
Their conclusion was that human activities had very likely more than doubled the risk of heat waves of this magnitude .
Generally this position requires new physical mechanisms to explain the observed warming .
In other words , the no-trend period in the Hadley Centre 's data set is consistent with what climatologists have predicted .
On September 20 , 1926 , the North Side gang shot into Capone 's entourage as he was eating lunch in the Hawthorne Hotel restaurant .
Reluctantly , the people agree to join Ash .
This probably followed their return to Saudi Arabia to get " clean " passports .
On 1 September 1939 this unit was one of the many that participated in the attack on Poland that started the war .
Beramok is associated with mental issues of severe depression or other mood disorders .
Amok , the rarer form , is believed to stem from rage , insult , or a vendetta against a person , society , or object for a wide variety of reasons .
It is invoked after the recitation or singing of the Canticles , and it is the only part of the services in which the congregation traditionally turns to face the altar , if they are seated transversely in the quire .
A wet scrubber is basically a reaction tower equipped with a fan that extracts hot smoke stack gases from a power plant into the tower .
Consequently , packaging of fresh fruits and vegetables contains an ~ 8 % oxygen atmosphere .
At present , the private sector plays a major role in Bonn 's economy .
Nearby is the Kurfürstliches Schloss , built as a residence for the prince-elector and now the main building of the University of Bonn .
Ballroom dance is a set of partner dance s , which are enjoyed both socially and competitively around the world .
It was released on February 8 , 1915 .
Thomas Dixon , Jr. , author of the source play The Clansman , was a former classmate of Woodrow Wilson at Johns Hopkins University .
The borough has experienced substantial new building construction since 2002 .
Males had a median income of $ 31,178 versus $ 29,429 for females .
In the 1990s , New York City began closing the large , public high schools in the Bronx and replacing them with small high schools .
No other gnutella servent has enjoyed this capability .
In 1830 , the Belgian Revolution led to the separation of the Southern Provinces from the Netherlands and to the establishment of a Catholic and bourgeois , officially French-speaking and neutral , independent Belgium under a provisional government and a national congress .
Communities exercise their authority only within linguistically determined geographical boundaries , originally oriented towards the individuals of a Community 's language : culture ( including audiovisual media ) , education and the use of the relevant language .
Pianist Memphis Slim began his career in Memphis , but his distinct style was smoother and had some swing elements .
In 2005 , Berlin was awarded the title of " City of Design " by UNESCO .
Galleries and museums Berlin is home to 153 museums .
After extensive investigation over several years , no indictments were made against the Clintons related to the years in Arkansas .
Thailand In Thailand , stores are banned from selling alcohol between midnight-11am and 2pm-5pm .
It is also commonly seen as a standard for confessional singer-songwriter albums ; though Dylan has denied that the songs are autobiographical , his son Jakob Dylan has stated : " The songs are my parents talking . "
Over a half century since its premiere , the series remains in syndication on MeTV .
Beryllium contracts and deforms less than glass – and remains more uniform – in such temperatures .
At age eight , Spears and her mother Lynne traveled to Atlanta for an audition in the 1990s revival of The Mickey Mouse Club .
I thought the pictures were fine .
... I Did It Again World Tour , which grossed $ 40.5 million ; she also released her first book , Britney Spears ' Heart-to-Heart , co-written with her mother .
Hyoyeon of the Korean girl group Girls ' Generation has also been compared to Spears , due to her blonde hair and abilities as a dancer .
Welsh singer-songwriter Marina Diamandis , known by her stage name Marina & The Diamonds named Spears as the main influence for her Electra Heart album , stating that , " I think people thought I was joking about that for a long time .
It is the largest Lusophone country in the world , and the only one in the Americas .
São Paulo-Guarulhos International Airport , near São Paulo , is the largest and busiest airport , handling the vast majority of popular and commercial traffic of the country and connecting the city with virtually all major cities across the world .
The base of the CIL is marked by a major thermocline , halocline and pycnocline at and this density disparity is the major mechanism for isolation of the deep water .
The Bible has estimated annual sales of 25 million copies , and has been a major influence on literature and history , especially in the West where it was the first mass printed book .
After Moses ' death , Joshua , by virtue of his previous appointment as Moses ' successor , receives from God the command to cross the Jordan River .
A number of books which are part of the Peshitta or Greek Septuagint but are not found in the Hebrew ( Rabbinic ) Bible ( i.e. , among the protocanonical books ) are often referred to as deuterocanonical books by Roman Catholics referring to a later secondary ( i.e. , deutero ) canon , that canon as fixed definitively by the Council of Trent 1545 – 1563 .
In addition to these areas , over of arable land are protected by the Agricultural Land Reserve .
The Columbia District , broadly defined as being south of 54 ° 40 north latitude , ( the southern limit of Russian America ) and north of Mexican Controlled California west of the Rocky Mountains was , by the Anglo-American Convention of 1818 , under the " joint occupancy and use " of citizens of the United States and subjects of Britain ( which is to say , the fur companies ) .
A Vancouver contingent for the On-to-Ottawa Trek was organized and seized a train , which was loaded with thousands of men bound for the capital but was met by a Gatling gun straddling the tracks at Mission ; the men were arrested and sent to work camps for the duration of the Depression .
Of these , the Buddhacarita is the earliest full biography , an epic poem written by the poet Aśvaghoṣa , and dating around the beginning of the 2nd century CE .
The more egalitarian gana-sangha form of government , as a political alternative to the strongly hierarchical kingdoms , may have influenced the development of the Shramana - type Jain and Buddhist sangha s , where monarchies tended toward Vedic Brahmanism .
These depressed him , and he initially strove to overcome ageing , sickness , and death by living the life of an ascetic .
Of the Buddha 's disciples , Sariputta , Maudgalyayana , Mahakasyapa , Ananda and Anuruddha are believed to have been the five closest to him .
There are many different designs that all serve unique purposes and apply to different situations .
The Ethics contains many still-unresolved obscurities and is written with a forbidding mathematical structure modeled on Euclid 's geometry and has been described as a " superbly cryptic masterwork . "
He also held that knowledge of true causes of passive emotion can transform it to an active emotion , thus anticipating one of the key ideas of Sigmund Freud 's psychoanalysis .
Notable philosophers Louis Althusser , Gilles Deleuze , Antonio Negri , Étienne Balibar and Marilena Chaui have each drawn upon Spinoza 's philosophy .
Applied to being the system fails to arrive at a definition for the simple reason that no difference can be found .
If substance is the highest category and there is no substance , being , then the unity perceived in all beings by virtue of their existing must be viewed in another way .
Sartre , popularly understood as misreading Heidegger ( an understanding supported by Heidegger 's essay " Letter on Humanism " which responds to Sartre 's famous address , " Existentialism is a Humanism " ) , employs modes of being in an attempt to ground his concept of freedom ontologically by distinguishing between being-in-itself and being-for-itself .
The ribs are flattened and the sternum is keeled for the attachment of flight muscles except in the flightless bird orders .
The ability of birds to return to precise locations across vast distances has been known for some time ; in an experiment conducted in the 1950s a Manx Shearwater released in Boston returned to its colony in Skomer , Wales , within 13 days , a distance of .
Two consecutive Rus ' and Byzantine invasions resulted in the seizure of the capital Preslav by the Byzantine army in 971 .
Predators of marine bryozoans include nudibranch s ( sea slugs ) , fish , sea urchin s , pycnogonid s , crustacean s , mite s and starfish .
Avicularia and vibraculaSome authorities use the term avicularia to refer to any type of zooid in which the lophophore is replaced by an extension that serves some protective function , while others restrict the term to those that defend the colony by snapping at invaders and small predators , killing some and biting the appendage s of others .
In the opinion of Ruth Dewel , Judith Winston and Frank McKinney , " Our standard interpretation of bryozoan morphology and embryology is a construct resulting from over 100 years of attempts to synthesize a single framework for all invertebrates , " and takes little account of some peculiar features of ectoprocts .
These include : Taste and aroma If eaten whole , bay leaves are pungent and have a sharp , bitter taste .
They have no apparent adult supervision at home , are dim-witted , under-educated , and barely literate , and they both lack any empathy or moral scruples , even regarding each other .
The duo would watch and make humorous observations ( about the band , a song 's lyrics , or a video 's visuals ) , or simply engage in nonsensical dialogue .
Other taxa now included here were placed in various orders .
The Symphony No. 9 in D minor , Op .
125 ( sometimes known simply as " Choral " ) , is the final complete symphony of Ludwig van Beethoven ( 1770 – 1827 ) .
So this time , he instructed the singers and musicians to ignore the almost totally deaf Beethoven .
A " Billiards " category encompassing pool , snooker and carom was featured in the 2005 World Games , held in Duisburg , Germany , and the 2006 Asian Games also saw the introduction of a " Cue sports " category .
From the Cay Sal Bank and Cay Lobos ( just off of the coast of Cuba ) in the west , to San Salvador , The Bahamas is much larger than is recorded in some sources .
To survive , the settlers salvaged goods from wrecks .
During the following decades , they resettled thousands of Africans liberated from slave ships by the Royal Navy , which intercepted the trade , in the Bahamian islands .
Its military is composed of the Royal Bahamas Defence Force ( the R.B.D.F. ) , the navy of The Bahamas .
Baker Island is home to a number of threatened and endangered species .
Indian Maj. Gen. Sujat Singh Uban managed to finance and equip the Kaderia Bahni , Hemayet Bahini , and other forces who fought with the Mukti Bahini .
Lieutenant General Hussain Mohammad Ershad gained power in a military coup on 24 March 1982 , and ruled until 6 December 1990 .
There are 64 districts in Bangladesh , each further subdivided into upazila ( subdistricts ) or thana .
Bangladesh and India have also agreed to develop regional connectivity and economic integration , along with Nepal and Bhutan .
The film industry is known as Dhallywood , a portmanteau of the words Dhaka and Hollywood .
In the parish of Saint Michael lies Barbados ' capital and main city , Bridgetown .
History Early history The Maya civilization spread itself over the area which is today Belize beginning in around 1500 BCE and flourished there until about 800 CE .
Culture Arts Beninese literature had a strong oral tradition long before French became the dominant language .
Recently through genetic DNA studies , scientists have discovered that a species of terrapin , previously thought to have been introduced , predated the arrival of humans in the archipelago .
Prior to European colonization , the Andean region of Bolivia was a part of the Inca Empire the largest state in Pre-Columbian America .
The original name given to the newly formed country was Republic of Bolívar .
Economic instability and continued wars A period of political and economic instability in the early-to-mid-19th century weakened Bolivia .
At 1,098,580 square kilometres ( 424,160 sq mi ) , Bolivia is the world 's 28th-largest country .
The Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina is itself complex and consists of 10 federal units - cantons .
In particular , Perun / Перун , the highest god of the pantheon and the god of thunder and lightning is also commonly found in Bosnian toponymy , for instance in the name of Mount Perun ( Perunova Gora / Перунова Гора ) .
Mladić was arrested in a village in northern Serbia on 26 May 2011 and , among other genocide and war crime charges , accused of directly orchestrating and overseeing the slaughter of 8,000 Muslim men and boys .
Bosnian national teams have struggled to draft the best national players .
An expansion of British central authority and the evolution of tribal government resulted in the 1920 establishment of two advisory councils to represent both Africans and Europeans .
According to the International Monetary Fund , economic growth averaged over 9 % per year from 1966 to 1999 .
Examples of Botswana food are Pap , Boerewors , Samp , Vetkoek and Mophane worms .
In 977 , Chinese records started to use Po-ni instead of Vijayapura to refer to Brunei .
Spain declared war in 1578 , attacking and capturing Brunei 's capital at the time , Kota Batu .
The BMA was also tasked to revive the Bruneian economy , which was extensively damaged by the Japanese during their occupation .
They were also tasked with putting out the fires started on the wells of Seria , which was started by the Japanese prior to their defeat .
Brunei imports 60 % of its food requirements , which around 75 % of those food imports come from the ASEAN countries .
The official name of the Territory is still simply the " Virgin Islands " , but the prefix " British " is often used to distinguish it from the neighbouring American territory which changed its name from the " Danish West Indies " to " Virgin Islands of the United States " in 1917 .
Moreover , the Territory 's Constitutional Commission has expressed the view that " every effort should be made " , to encourage the use of the name " Virgin Islands " .
Burkina Faso was ranked the 111th safest investment destination in the world in the March 2011 Euromoney Country Risk rankings .
Most of Burkina 's people are concentrated in the south and center of the country , sometimes exceeding 48 per square kilometer ( 125/sq .
A typical Burkinabè beverage is Banji or Palm Wine , which is fermented palm sap and Zoom-kom [ ? ] .
The internationally known filmmakers such as Ouedraogo , Kabore , Yameogo , and Kouyate also make popular television series .
Ministries See also References
Television Television broadcast stations : 77 of which 48 are privately owned ( 2010 ) Belarus is switching from an analog to digital broadcast television .
Since about 2001 , territorial defence forces , which as of 2002 number around 150,000 , have been forming , organised into battalions , companies , and platoons spread across Belarus .
Belarus-European Union relations The structure of Belarus trade reflects the low competitiveness and output decline of manufacturing industry in the country over the past decade , leading to the predominance of primary production , work-intensive goods as exports .
France expressed her solidarity with Poland on the issue of human rights in Belarus a day after the EU declared it was worried about the situation in that country .
Railways Rail transport in Belgium was historically managed by the National Railway Company of Belgium , known as NMBS in Dutch and SNCB in French .
They follow a blend of Tibetan Buddhism mixed with animism .
Eastern Bosnia is heavily forested along the river Drina , and overall close to 50 % of Bosnia and Herzegovina is forested .
Natural hazards Botswana is affected by periodic droughts , and seasonal August winds blow from the west , carrying sand and dust , which can obscure visibility .
By one estimate , it has the fourth highest gross national income at purchasing power parity in Africa , giving it a standard of living around that of Mexico and Turkey .
De Beers prospectors discovered diamonds in northern Botswana in the early 1970s .
A number of national parks and game reserves , with their abundant wildlife and wetlands , are major tourist attractions .
Of the total territory , 41 % averages less than in elevation .
There are also some important industries .
Institutional development at the official level was accompanied and in part stimulated by the growth , wide diffusion , and growing professional development of nongovernmental organization s ( NGO s ) dedicated to environmental and socio-environmental causes .
In Brazil 's case , statistics show that 4.5 million people emigrated to the country between 1882 and 1934 .
The G4 countries argue that a reform would render the body " more representative , legitimate , effective and responsive " to the realities of the international community in the 21st century .
The process proved politically fraught , and the Government 's Minister for Communications and Works , Alvin Christopher , ended up leaving the Government and joining the opposition party as a result of the furore .
It declined slightly in each of the next 5 years , then fell by almost 30 % in 1986 .
Environment Like other former European members of the Council for Mutual Economic Assistance , Bulgaria saw unimpeded industrial growth as a vital sign of social welfare and progress toward the socialist ideal .
Political geography Bulgaria 's political geography has changed greatly since the restoration of statehood in 1878 .
In 2008 Bulgaria had 204 airports , 127 of which had paved runways .
The Battle of the Red Wall was marked with the total defeat of the French forces , with 5,700 out of 6,000 men killed .
About 12,000 Europeans reside in Burkina Faso , the majority are French .
Together with the resulting fire , it was the most destructive event in the entire history of Brussels .
Between 2002 and 2004 , the European Council also fixed its seat in the city .
The building was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1972 .
Bell Labs ' Claude Shannon later proved that it is unbreakable .
In 1933 , stereo signals were transmitted live from Philadelphia to Washington , D.C. In 1937 , the vocoder , the first electronic speech synthesizer was invented and demonstrated by Homer Dudley .
There are a few types of existing bilaterians that lack a recognizable brain , including echinoderm s , tunicate s , and a group of primitive flatworms called Acoelomorpha .
EEG recordings , along with recordings made from electrodes implanted inside the brains of animals such as rats , show that the brain of a living animal is constantly active , even during sleep .
Axons , because they commonly extend a great distance from the cell body and need to reach specific targets , grow in a particularly complex way .
Photos and television footage of these events is sometimes mislabelled " dismantling of the Wall " , even though it was merely the construction of new crossings .
A September 2004 poll found that 25 percent of West Germans and 12 percent of East Germans wished that East and West should be separated again by a " Wall " .
Unlike folk music art , which simply consisted of a picture of the folk singer , Bhangra recordings had distinctive artwork , logos , clever album names , band/musician listings ( who played what ) and other details that raised the level of professionalism to a level that had never been seen in Bollywood recordings or folk recordings from Punjab .
Band members Discography Tours Awards and Nominations Grammy Awards MTV Video Music Award s MTV Europe Music Awards Filmography References External links
Much of Brythonic-controlled Britain was conquered by the Roman Empire from AD 43 .
Little is known of its origins but it is likely that an early form of the Basque language was present in Western Europe before the arrival of the Indo-European languages to the area .
Grammar Basque is an ergative – absolutive language .
Basque also features postalveolar sibilants ( , written x , and , written tx ) , sounding like English sh and ch .
Ulvaeus and Kallersjö currently live in Stockholm .
A Swedish-language version of the title track , " Sommaren Du Fick " ( " The Summer You Got " ) , was released as a single in Sweden prior to the English version , with vocals by Helen Sjöholm .
Its main purpose is the transmission of IP packets in the Personal Area Networking Profile .
Thus , it should be regarded as a potential ( but not real ) security threat to Bluetooth technology or Symbian OS since the virus has never spread outside of this system .
The screenplay , written by Hampton Fancher and David Peoples , is loosely based on the novel Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep ?
Sebastian runs for the elevator followed by Roy , who then rides the elevator down alone .
Documentaries On the Edge of Blade Runner ( 2000 , 55 minutes ) was produced by Nobles Gate Ltd. ( for Channel 4 ) , directed by Andrew Abbott and hosted/written by Mark Kermode .
Depleted boron is a by-product of the nuclear industry .
For example , the U.S. Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) does not approve bromide for the treatment of any disease , and it was removed from over-the-counter sedative products like Bromo-Seltzer , in 1975 .
Upon exposure , one should move to fresh air immediately .
Barium was first isolated by electrolysis of molten barium salts in 1808 , by Sir Humphry Davy in England .
However , the product , 250Bk , again has a relatively short half-life of 3.212 hours and thus , does not yield any heavier berkelium isotopes .
At Hucbert 's death ( 735 ) the duchy passed to a distant relative named Odilo , from neighbouring Alemannia ( modern southwest Germany and northern Switzerland ) .
They proudly put forth a German Parade called Steuben Parade each year .
The Slavs expanded from the east , possibly driven from their homelands in present-day Ukraine and perhaps Belarus by the invasions of the Huns and Avars .
This is in part due to Germany 's electoral system .
The most recent election , the German federal election , 2009 , was held on September 27 , 2009 .
However , the codex never gained much popularity in the pagan Hellenistic world , and only within the Christian community did it gain widespread use .
Around 1450 , in what is commonly regarded as an independent invention , Johannes Gutenberg invented movable type in Europe , along with innovations in casting the type based on a matrix and hand mould .
In the middle of last century there were still many trade binders – stand-alone binding companies which did no printing , specializing in binding alone .
Though many books are produced digitally , most digital versions are not available to the public , and there is no decline in the rate of paper publishing .
In library and booksellers ' catalogues , it is common to include an abbreviation such as " Crown 8vo " to indicate the paper size from which the book is made .
In 1916 , Bitola was occupied by the Allied Powers , which entered the city from the South , fighting the Bulgarian army .
The Lancastrian King Henry VI and his only son , Edward of Lancaster , died in the aftermath of the Battle of Tewkesbury .
The Yorkist king , Edward IV , was in complete control of England .
He attainted those who refused to submit to his rule , such as Jasper Tudor and his nephew Henry , naming them traitors and confiscating their lands .
However , he was not averse to displaying his militaristic streak ; on ascending the throne he made known his desire to lead a crusade against " not only the Turks , but all [ his ] foes " .
Henry had very few Englishmen — fewer than a thousand — in his army .
This is corroborated by a 1485 – 86 letter that mentions " Redesmore " as its site .
A close relationship has long been acknowledged between Brassicaceae and the caper family , Capparaceae , in part because members of both groups produce glucosinolate ( mustard oil ) compounds .
Pollination occurs by entomogamy , nectar is produced at the base of the stamens and stored on the sepals .
( Batting helmets at that time were not required to have an " ear flap " ; indeed , it was not until 2002 that all major league batters were required to wear helmets with side protection . )
A common misconception is that OPS + closely matches the ratio of a player 's OPS to that of the league .
The first delayed steal on record was performed by Miller Huggins in 1903 .
Segura , thinking he was out , began to return to the home dugout behind first base , but first base coach Garth Iorg directed him to stand at first .
The German national designers ' organization Deutscher Werkbund was formed in 1907 by Hermann Muthesius to harness the new potentials of mass production , with a mind towards preserving Germany 's economic competitiveness with England .
Apart from contributions to the 1923 Haus am Horn , student architectural work amounted to un-built projects , interior finishes , and craft work like cabinets , chairs and pottery .
She kills Hroðgar 's most trusted warrior , Æschere , in revenge for Grendel 's defeat .
The banjo is usually tuned with friction tuning peg s or planetary gear tuners , rather than the worm gear machine head used on guitars .
Larry Doby debuted with the American League 's Cleveland Indians the same year .
The term is also used to refer directly to new statistics themselves .
Each position conventionally has an associated number , which is used to score putout s : 1 ( pitcher ) , 2 ( catcher ) , 3 ( first baseman ) , 4 ( second baseman ) , 5 ( third baseman ) , 6 ( shortstop ) , 7 ( left fielder ) , 8 ( center fielder ) , and 9 ( right fielder ) .
Bluetongue disease or catarrhal fever is a non - contagious , insect-borne , viral disease of ruminant s , mainly sheep and less frequently cattle , goats , buffalo , deer , dromedaries and antelope .
Bundle theory , originated by the 18th century Scottish philosopher David Hume , is the ontological theory about objecthood in which an object consists only of a collection ( bundle ) of properties , relations or tropes .
According to bundle theory , an object consists of its properties and nothing more : thus neither can there be an object without properties nor can one even conceive of such an object ; for example , bundle theory claims that thinking of an apple compels one also to think of its color , its shape , the fact that it is a kind of fruit , its cells , its taste , or at least one other of its properties .
Thus , different combinations of properties and relations produce different objects .
At the Mareth Line , 20 to 27 March , when Montgomery encountered fiercer frontal opposition than he had anticipated , he switched his major effort into an outflanking inland pincer , backed by low-flying RAF fighter-bomber support .
Montgomery considered the initial plans for the Allied invasion , which had been agreed in principle by Eisenhower and Alexander , to be unworkable because of the dispersion of effort .
In 1824 , Disraeli toured Belgium and the Rhine Valley with his father and later wrote that it was while travelling on the Rhine that he decided to abandon the law : " I determined when descending those magical waters that I would not be a lawyer . " .
The squad had a notable Irish orientation , with the Irish national team contributing six players to the 21-man squad .
A good turnout of spectators watched the game .
By the 1950s , basketball had become a major college sport , thus paving the way for a growth of interest in professional basketball .
Today the NBA is the top professional basketball league in the world in terms of popularity , salaries , talent , and level of competition .
( Some scoreboards also indicate the number of fouls committed . )
The Spanish were the first Europeans to see bouncing rubber balls ( albeit solid and not inflated ) which were employed most notably in the Mesoamerican ballgame .
Nobody owns the gun and Ian owns nothing .
Braille transcription Although it is possible to transcribe print by simply substituting the equivalent braille character for its printed equivalent , in English such a character-by-character transcription ( known as uncontracted braille ) is only used by beginners .
Property ( 2 ) is satisfied since no player bats in two ( or more ) positions in the order .
After the commercial and critical failure of Lynch 's Dune ( 1984 ) , he made attempts at developing a more " personal story " , somewhat characteristic of the surreal style he displayed in his debut Eraserhead ( 1977 ) .
You can experiment . "
The film 's dark , stylish and erotic production design has served as a benchmark for a number of films , parodies and even Lynch 's own later work , notably Twin Peaks ( 1990 – 91 ) , and Mulholland Drive ( 2001 ) .
Film Four 's ranked it on their list of 100 Greatest Films .
Actual examples of bagpipes from before the 18th century are extremely rare ; however , a substantial number of paintings , carvings , engravings , manuscript illuminations , and so on survive .
Being particularly popular in the British garrison town Poona ( now Pune ) , the game also came to be known as Poona .
Strategy To win in badminton , players need to employ a wide variety of strokes in the right situations .
Among the tournaments in this series is the venerable All-England Championships , first held in 1900 , which was once considered the unofficial world championships of the sport .
A key characteristic of bandwidth is that any band of a given width can carry the same amount of information , regardless of where that band is located in the frequency spectrum .
In radio communications , for example , bandwidth is the frequency range occupied by a modulated carrier wave , whereas in optics it is the width of an individual spectral line or the entire spectral range .
Queen Mary was also responsible for the decoration of the Blue Drawing Room .
On 18 May 2012 it flew the Olympic flame from Athens International Airport to RNAS Culdrose while carrying various dignitaries including Lord Sebastian Coe , Princess Anne , Olympics minister Hugh Robertson and London Mayor Boris Johnson , together with footballer David Beckham .
In contrast , the feedstocks for polymers derived from petrochemicals will eventually deplete .
Baptists are Christians who comprise a group of denominations and churches that subscribe to a doctrine that baptism should be performed only for professing believers ( believer 's baptism , as opposed to infant baptism ) , and that it must be done by immersion ( as opposed to affusion or sprinkling ) .
Other tenets of Baptist churches include soul competency ( liberty ) , salvation through faith alone , scripture alone as the rule of faith and practice , and the autonomy of the local congregation .
According to Tom Nettles , professor of historical theology at Southern Baptist Theological Seminary , " Spilsbury 's cogent arguments for a gathered , disciplined congregation of believers baptized by immersion as constituting the New Testament church gave expression to and built on insights that had emerged within separatism , advanced in the life of John Smyth and the suffering congregation of Thomas Helwys , and matured in Particular Baptists . "
Blackjack strategy Basic strategy Each blackjack game has a basic strategy , which is playing a hand of any total value against any dealers upcard which loses least money to the house in the long term .
Other Buffalo is home to Rich Products , one of the world 's largest family-owned food manufacturers .
The Church of England claimed him as one of them .
Abraham " Bram " Stoker ( 8 November 1847 – 20 April 1912 ) was an Irish novelist and short story writer , best known today for his 1897 Gothic novel Dracula .
During his lifetime , he was better known as personal assistant of actor Henry Irving and business manager of the Lyceum Theatre in London , which Irving owned .
They are classified alongside other " works of popular fiction " such as Mary Shelley 's Frankenstein which , according to historian Jules Zanger , also used the " myth-making " and story-telling method of having " multiple narrators " telling the same tale from different perspectives . " '
The six tricks required as the base for any bid are referred to as the “ book ” .
While rubber bridge is played competitively and for stakes , it is most often played socially and with less formality than duplicate bridge .
As a visiting professor at Harvard University , Mandelbrot began to study fractals called Julia set s that were invariant under certain transformations of the complex plane .
The first Bigfoot hunters appeared following the discovery of footprints at Bluff Creek , California .
His father was of English descent ; some of his ancestors had emigrated to what would become the U.S. in the 17th century , and included Mayflower passenger William Brewster ( c. 1567 – April 10 , 1644 ) .
It gave us a chance to ad lib as much as we wanted , knowing that excess ad libbing could be sliced from the final product .
In September , Crosby , his family , and singer Rosemary Clooney began a concert tour of England that included two weeks at the London Palladium .
The Convention states that illegal hazardous waste traffic is criminal but contains no enforcement provisions .
Usually , line number ing is omitted from the language and replaced with label s ( for GOTO ) and procedure s to encourage easier and more flexible design .
The eventual joint company effort , named Borland Office for Windows ( a combination of the WordPerfect word processor , Quattro Pro spreadsheet and Paradox database ) was introduced at the 1993 Comdex computer show .
Carbon molecules known as fullerene s were later named by scientists for their resemblance to geodesic spheres .
His first " continuous tension – discontinuous compression " geodesic dome ( full sphere in this case ) was constructed at the University of Oregon Architecture School in 1959 with the help of students .
He documented his life , philosophy and ideas scrupulously by a daily diary ( later called the Dymaxion Chronofile ) , and by twenty-eight publications .
World stage International recognition began with the success of huge geodesic dome s during the 1950s .
I am not a thing — a noun .
The Lascaux Cave in France contains drawings of bulls and other animals drawn by paleolithic artists between 18,000 and 17,000 years ago .
The gall-nut is a small round tumor which grows on oak and other varieties of trees .
jpg | A 1920 Ford Model T File : Collection of old phones and PDA-BlackBerry .
The estate was sold on 4 June 1883 to Sir Herbert Samuel Leon ( 1850 – 1926 ) , a financier and Liberal MP .
Three days later , on 13 February 1992 , the Bletchley Park Trust was formed to maintain the site as a museum devoted to the codebreakers .
He was also the one responsible for replacing the title God in the Hebrew texts to read ' Lord of Hosts . '
Different flavorings can be added to bubble tea .
The Anglo-Dutch forces gained minor compensation for the failed Moselle campaign with the success at Elixheim and the crossing of the Lines of Brabant in the Spanish Netherlands ( Huy was also retaken on 11 July ) , but a chance to bring the French to a decisive engagement had eluded Marlborough .
BCPL was a response to difficulties with its predecessor Combined Programming Language ( CPL ) , created during the early 1960s .
Inter-war period For many years , Germany simply had no battleships .
She was broken up between 1952 and 1957 .
High notes that , although the bridge is strong , it will break when " Muspell 's lads " attempt to cross it , and their horses will have to make do with swimming over " great rivers . "
They were similar in size and cost to a battleship , and typically carried the same kind of heavy guns , but battlecruisers generally carried less armour and were faster .
See also References Notes Footnotes References External links
V represents a vowel ; C represents a consonant .
Inconsistent use of units Deviation between powers of 1024 and powers of 1000 Computer storage has become cheaper per unit and thereby larger , by many orders of magnitude since " K " was first used to mean 1024 .
Main and cache memories are notable exceptions .
This includes some flash memory , like EEPROM s. For example , a " 512 megabyte " memory module is 512 × 220 bytes ( 512 × , or ) .
+ + + + + + + . .
As such , it is his duty to preside at services , call local leaders , and judge the worthiness of members for service .
These two bridges are part of the ring road around Bordeaux .
Bretwaldas Listed by Bede and the Anglo-Saxon Chronicle Mercian rulers with similar or greater authority Listed only by the Anglo-Saxon Chronicle Etymology The first syllable of the term bretwalda may be related to ' Briton ' or ' Britain ' and would thus mean ' sovereign of Britain ' or ' wielder of Britain ' .
For a given pressure , different liquids boil at different temperatures .
Dark energy in its simplest formulation takes the form of the cosmological constant term in Einstein 's field equation s of general relativity , but its composition and mechanism are unknown and , more generally , the details of its equation of state and relationship with the Standard Model of particle physics continue to be investigated both observationally and theoretically .
The style is very popular , with many examples brewed internationally .
In December 2010 , the airframe was still on premises , but partially dismantled .
Bali has no railway lines yet .
For example , the following constructions are common in colloquial Bulgarian : The phenomenon is practically obligatory in the spoken language in the case of inversion signalling information structure ( in writing , clitic doubling may be skipped in such instances , with a somewhat bookish effect ) : Sometimes , the doubling signals syntactic relations , thus : This is contrasted with : In this case , clitic doubling can be a colloquial alternative of the more formal or bookish passive voice , which would be constructed as follows : Clitic doubling is also fully obligatory , both in the spoken and in the written norm , in clauses including several special expressions that use the short accusative and dative pronouns , like играе ми се ( I feel like playing ) , студено ми е ( I am cold ) , боли ме ръката ( my arm hurts ) : Except the above examples , clitic doubling is considered inappropriate in a formal context .
CAE is the cosine of the dihedral angle along an AE edge .
Those that are ranked in the top 20 are history at 14th , economics at 17th , English at 13th , engineering at 20th , mathematics at 14th , and computer science at 20th .
The area was officially designated East Campus in 1971 .
A traditional superstition is that students who pass through the gates for a second time before graduation do not graduate .
Reflecting the growth potential built into the original 767 design , the wings , engines , and most systems were largely unchanged on the 767-300 .
Known for his hitting brilliance , Ruth set career records in his time for home run s ( 714 since broken ) , slugging percentage ( .690 ) , runs batted in ( RBI ) ( 2,213 since broken ) , and on-base plus slugging ( OPS ) ( 1.164 ) .
Ruth became a shirtmaker during his time there , and was also proficient as a carpenter .
Few fans visited Oriole Park , where Ruth and his teammates labored in relative obscurity .
Although much was said about what Ruth could teach the younger players , in practice , Ruth 's duties were to appear on the field in uniform and encourage base runners — he was not called upon to relay signs .
In 1999 , baseball fans named Ruth to the Major League Baseball All-Century Team .
Occasionally battles are named after the date on which they took place , such as The Glorious First of June .
Battles also affect the commitment of one side or the other to the continuance of a war , for example the Battle of Incheon and the Battle of Hue during the Tet Offensive .
Monsanto immediately responded by introducing a second generation cotton with multiple Bt proteins , which was rapidly adopted .
History Official discovery Bohrium was first convincingly synthesized in 1981 by a German research team led by Peter Armbruster and Gottfried Münzenberg at the Institute for Heavy Ion Research ( Gesellschaft für Schwerionenforschung ) in Darmstadt .
The magnitude 4.05 Theta Boötis has a spectral type of F7 and an absolute magnitude of 3.8 .
The Rho Bootid shower is part of the SMA complex , a group of meteor showers related to the Taurids , which is in turn linked to the comet 2P/Encke .
Prior to soaking , the reed maker will have lightly scored the bark with parallel lines with a knife ; this ensures that the cane will assume a cylindrical shape during the forming stage .
Law Bootstrapping is a rule preventing the admission of hearsay evidence in conspiracy cases .
Molecular dynamic simulation of movement of atoms about rotatable bonds is the fundamental principle behind computational algorithms , termed docking algorithms for studying molecular interactions .
The combination of a continued need for new algorithm s for the analysis of emerging types of biological readouts , the potential for innovative in silico experiments , and freely available open code bases have helped to create opportunities for all research groups to contribute to both bioinformatics and the range of open-source software available , regardless of their funding arrangements .
Despite this loss of sales , the NA-40B re-entered the spotlight when the Army Air Corps evaluated it for use as a medium bomber .
This was possible due to the shorter nose of the G-model and the length of the M4 , which allowed the breech to extend into the navigator 's compartment .
Rearward motion involves lifting the rear leg and pushing with the lead leg .
jpg | '' Pulling away '' Philly Shell or Shoulder roll defense - This is actually a variation of the cross-arm defense .
Like masalas , these movies are a mixture of many things such as action , comedy , romance and so on .
Oceania Bollywood is not as successful in the Oceanic countries and Pacific Islands such as New Guinea .
Bowls ( also lawn bowls , variants include flat-green bowls and crown-green bowls ) is a sport in which the objective is to roll biased balls so that they stop close to a smaller ball called a " jack " or " kitty " .
It is played on a pitch which may be flat ( for " flat-green bowls " ) or convex or uneven ( for " crown-green bowls " ) .
Halsey actually recommended that the landings on Peleliu and Angaur be canceled , too , and their Marines and soldiers be thrown into Leyte Island instead , but was overruled by Nimitz .
Two major pockets were formed and destroyed : the first , northeast of Kharkov , on 2 July , and a second , around Millerovo , Rostov Oblast , a week later .
Hitler told Halder that Stalingrad would be captured and the weakened flanks would be held with " ... national socialist ardour ; clearly I can not expect this of you " , and replaced him with General Kurt Zeitzler in mid-October .
Manstein was tasked to conduct a relief operation , named Operation Winter Storm ( Unternehmen Wintergewitter ) against Stalingrad , which he thought was feasible if the 6th Army was adequately supplied through the air .
When the Emperor said he did n't know , the Official said , " This was the Great-being Guanyin ( i.e. , the Mahasattva Avalokiteśvara ) transmitting the imprint of the Buddha 's Heart-Mind . "
Base pairs are the building blocks of the DNA double helix , and contribute to the folded structure of both DNA and RNA .
Dictated by specific hydrogen bonding patterns , Watson-Crick base pairs ( guanine - cytosine and adenine - thymine ) allow the DNA helix to maintain a regular helical structure that is independent of its nucleotide sequence .
In the Human genome , the centimorgan is about 1 million base pairs .
See also References Further reading External links
Quarterback Tony Banks came to Baltimore from the St. Louis Rams and had the best season of his career with 17 touchdown passes and an 81.2 pass rating .
The Batavi were an ancient Germanic tribe , originally part of the Chatti , that lived around the Rhine delta , in the area that the Romans called Batavia and that is currently the Netherlands , from the second half of the first century BC to the third century AD .
The name is also applied to several military units employed by the Romans that were originally raised among the Batavi .
In these traditions , baptism is immediately followed by Chrismation and Communion at the next Divine Liturgy , regardless of age .
In newer church sanctuaries , the baptismal font may be designed to expressly allow for baptism by immersion .
Baptism is not a human work ; it is the place where God does the work that only God can do . "
Authority is passed down through a form of apostolic succession .
According to the Gospel of Luke , Jesus ' parents lived in Nazareth and travelled for the Census of Quirinius to Bethlehem , where Jesus was born , after which they returned home .
Textual scholars believe that this is the result of the genealogical passage , in which his children are named , being from a much later source than the Jahwist and Elohist narratives , which make up most of the Joseph narrative , and which consistently describe Benjamin as a child .
We were supposed to be rehearsing and nothing was happening .
Time Magazine called Paranoid " the birthplace of heavy metal " , placing it in their Top 100 Albums of All Time .
For the 2011 season , the Bills unveiled a new uniform design , an updated rendition of the 1975 – 83 design .
The result was a 62 % reduction in vehicle hours of travel on I-93 , the airport tunnels , and the connection from Storrow Drive , from an average 38,200 hours per day before construction ( 1994 – 1995 ) to 14,800 hours per day in 2004 – 2005 , after the project was largely complete .
His intention was to use Israel 's past to convey religious messages to his peers , the literary and political elite of Jerusalem in the time of the Persian empire .
To balance the situation , the Crawford rule requires that when a player first reaches a score one point short of winning , neither player may use the doubling cube for the following game , called the Crawford game .
Okajima finished the season with a 2.22 ERA and 5 saves , emerging as one of baseball 's top relievers .
The remainder of the season would not be as pleasant , with the team enduring 100 losses while avoiding the AL cellar by only three games .
After starting the season 42 – 28 ( .600 ) , the Orioles finished the season with a stretch of 32 – 60 ( .348 ) , ending at 74 – 88 ( .457 ) .
Beginning in 1949 , Bohemia ceased to be an administrative unit of Czechoslovakia , as the country was divided into administrative regions .
While the station is often criticised for " waffling " by presenters , an experimental " more music day " in 1988 was declared a failure after only a third of callers favoured it .
He hastily ordered his army to concentrate on Quatre Bras , where the Prince of Orange , with the brigade of Prince Bernhard of Saxe-Weimar , was holding a tenuous position against the soldiers of Ney 's left wing .
One , consisting of two battalions of Grenadiers , defeated Wellington 's first line of British , Brunswick and Nassau troops and marched on .
Its surfaces therefore are symmetrical and not uneven like the aerofoils which give the returning boomerang its characteristic curved flight .
Boomerangs can be variously used as hunting weapons , percussive musical instruments , battle clubs , fire-starters , decoy s for hunting waterfowl , and as recreation al play toys .
General properties Long-distance boomerangs are optimised to have minimal drag while still having enough lift to fly and return .
At the time , Francis was actually a powerlifter , though she soon made a successful transition to bodybuilding , becoming one of the leading competitors of the late 1980s and early 1990s .
The aim was to prevent and minimize the consequences of natural outbreaks of dangerous infectious diseases as well as the treat of alleged use of biological weapons against BTWC States Parties .
According to the book , for a quarter century prior to the destruction , Jeremiah repeatedly issued prophecies predicting God 's forthcoming judgment ; advocating the Israelites to put down their idols and repent in hopes of turning away God 's judgment and fulfilling their destiny as His chosen people .
In these passages , Jeremiah expresses his discontent with the message he is to deliver , but also his steadfast commitment to the divine call despite the fact that he had not sought it out .
They are ranked 72nd in Stanley Coren 's The Intelligence of Dogs , as Coren places them among the group with the lowest degree of working/obedience intelligence .
This technique requires the attacker to guess where on the stack the NOP-sled is instead of the comparatively small shellcode .
Still , failure to use these safe libraries correctly can result in buffer overflows and other vulnerabilities ; and naturally , any bug in the library itself is a potential vulnerability . "
In July 2005 , all four defendants in the BALCO steroid scandal trial , including Anderson , struck deals with federal prosecutors that did not require them to reveal names of athletes who may have used banned drugs .
The tribe of Levi is exempted from military service and therefore not included in the census totals .
During World War I the railways were under state control , which continued until 1921 .
One has to look deep into the meaning of religion in order to fully appreciate it and make it a genuine part of one 's life .
In verse 33 , Job wishes that there was an “ umpire ” ( Heb .
In the second , third and fourth chapters , the order of the 16th letter ( ע ) and the 17th ( פ ) is reversed .
They have not repeated the heights of the 1906 – 1909 era since , and did not return to the top flight for 65 years .
His first win as manager was an 11 – 1 win against Swedish fourth division side Vallens IF on the same pre-season tour .
Bioterrorism is terrorism involving the intentional release or dissemination of biological agent s. These agents are bacteria , viruses , or toxin s , and may be in a naturally occurring or a human-modified form .
In 2001 Kent Wildlife Trust successfully introduced a family of beavers at Ham Fen , the last remaining ancient fenland in the county close to the town of Sandwich ; these are now established and are breeding .
While the polar bear is mostly carnivorous and the giant panda feeds almost entirely on bamboo , the remaining six species are omnivorous , with varied diets .
Species of Ursavus subsequently entered North America , together with Amphicynodon and Cephalogale , during the early Miocene ( 21 – 18 Mya ) .
The New World short-faced bears ( Tremarctinae ) differentiated from Ursinae following a dispersal event into North America during the mid Miocene ( about 13 Mya ) .
The red panda was included within Ursidae in the past .
In Scandinavia , the male personal names Björn ( Sweden , Iceland ) and Bjørn ( Norway , Denmark ) , meaning " bear " , are relatively common .
Ten Bears " ( Paruasemana ) was the name of a well-known 19th century chieftain among the Comanche .
Similar stories are told of Saint Gall and Saint Columbanus .
Its range includes most of Canada and Alaska , all of the contiguous United States , and northern Mexico .
The first three molars of the lower jaw are very weak , and are often lost at an early age .
Whereas Eurasian brown bear ( U. a. arctos ) and grizzly bear s ( U. a. horribilis ) from Northern Europe , Yellowstone National Park or interior Alaska seasonally weigh on average between , bears from the Yukon Delta , interior British Columbia , Jasper National Park and southern Europe can weigh from on average .
Such huge males can stand over tall while on their hind legs and loom high at the shoulder .
The bears were released despite protests from French farmers .
At this time , the cubs weigh and have developed enough to follow her and begin to forage for solid food .
History The mid-1950s saw rapid progress in the understanding of superconductivity .
The first-leg participants start all at the same time , and as in cross-country skiing relays , every athlete of a team must touch the team 's next-leg participant to perform a valid changeover .
Holly signed as a solo artist with another Decca subsidiary , Coral Records .
On September 7 , 1994 ( Holly 's 58th birthday ) , Weezer released their single " Buddy Holly " .
There are also many different versions of Holly 's " Greatest Hits " as well as covers/compilation albums of Buddy 's songs performed by various artists .
Before the thirteenth century , beer was flavoured with plants such as yarrow , wild rosemary , and bog myrtle , and other ingredients such as juniper berries , aniseed and ginger , which would be combined into a mixture known as gruit and used as hops are now used ; between the thirteenth and the sixteenth century , during which hops took over as the dominant flavouring , beer flavoured with gruit was known as ale , while beer flavoured with hops was known as beer .
The steam is delivered under pressure by an external boiler .
The process of storing , or conditioning , or maturing , or aging a beer at a low temperate for a long period is called " lagering " , and while it is associated with lagers , the process may also be done with ales , with the same results - that of cleaning up various chemicals , acids and compounds .
The Lutician uprising of 983 practically annihilated it ; bishops continued to be named , but they were merely titular , until the downfall of the Wends in the twelfth century and the German eastward settlement in the diocesan region revived the bishopric .
Consider the particles emitted by Brown 's pollen grain moving randomly in water : we know that a water molecule is about 0.1 by 0.2 nm in size , whereas the particles which Brown observed were of the order of a few micrometre s in size ( these are not to be confused with the actual pollen particle which is about 100 micrometres ) .
In 1906 Smoluchowski published a one-dimensional model to describe a particle undergoing Brownian motion .
Half of the municipality or 50.2 km2 , all of it located on the municipal edge is made up of the ten least densely populated neighbourhoods containing less than 10 % of the city 's population , the uninhabited Zona Franca industrial area and Montjuïc forest park .
Several major FM stations include Catalunya Ràdio , RAC 1 , RAC 105 and Cadena SER .
The winner in 2011 was Yenisey from Russia .
The Book of Hosea is one of the books of the Hebrew Bible .
It stands first in order among what are known as the twelve Minor Prophets .
” Although destruction is vital to understanding Obadiah , it is of note to understand the destruction being a consequence of action .
In Judaism it is the Haftarah for the afternoon of Yom Kippur due to its story of God 's willingness to forgive those who repent .
Mystic Metaphor The bad shepherds/good Shepherd allegory of chapters 10 through 13 and the climax " Day of the Lord " have mystical symbolism not comprehended by traditional scholarship .
Other scholars have presented evidence pointing to a post-monarchic date ( as late as 200 BC ) based on language and theme , although the book might still have been based on an earlier composition .
It is these cells that are responsible for the low-frequency chromosomal gene transfers that occur in such cultures .
The galjoen , black bream , or blackfish , Dichistius capensis , is a species of marine fish that is found only along the coast of South Africa .
Length up to 55 cm , weight up to 7 kg .
He has said that his childhood dream was to play for the Cardinals .
Some video cards have extension ROMs that replace the video services of the motherboard BIOS with their own video services .
Usually the key is advertised for short time during the early startup , e.g. " Press F1 to enter CMOS setup " .
Flashing the BIOS In modern PCs the BIOS is stored in rewritable memory , allowing the contents to be replaced or ' rewritten ' .
From this point on , any extra particle added will go into the ground state .
To determine \ phi ( \ rho , z ) , the energy of \ psi ( \ vec ) must be minimized , according to the constraint \ psi ( \ vec ) = \ phi ( \ rho , z ) e ^ .
Related experiments in cooling fermions rather than bosons to extremely low temperatures have created degenerate gases , where the atoms do not congregate in a single state due to the Pauli exclusion principle .
In this case , there is scattering of radiation as well as absorption .
Apart from Murry Wilson and the close vocal harmonies of Brian 's favorite groups , early inspiration came from the driving rock-and-roll sound of Chuck Berry , and Phil Spector 's Wall of Sound production .
By this time the Beach Boys ' management ( Nick Grillo and David Anderle ) had created the band 's own record label , Brother .
Starting on May 3 , 1968 , the tour lasted five dates and was cancelled on May 5 , 1968 when the Maharishi had to withdraw to fulfill film contracts .
Soon after Wilson won his " Sea of Tunes " case , Love discovered Murry Wilson did not properly credit him as co-writer on dozens of Beach Boys songs .
It has been the tradition of the Liberal party consistently to maintain the doctrine of individual liberty .
David Lloyd George adopted a programme at the 1929 general election entitled We Can Conquer Unemployment !
The party seemed finished and during this period some Liberals , such as Churchill , went over to the Conservatives , while others went over to Labour .
Its strongest base is Bridlington .
In 1780 , rioters in London tried to storm the building .
As a normal human digestive tract does not contain any anti-oligosaccharide enzymes , consumed oligosaccharides are typically digested by bacteria in the large intestine .
Administrative divisions The city of Baghdad has 89 official neighbourhoods within 9 districts .
This three tier system of local government connected the people of Baghdad to the central government through their representatives from the neighbourhood , through the district , and up to the city council .
The plague reoccurred occasionally in Europe until the 19th century .
Many universities throughout the world are now providing programs in bioengineering and biotechnology ( as independent programs or specialty programs within more established engineering fields ) .
Other stories portray banshees as dressed in green , red , or black with a grey cloak .
The data showed noncompliance climbed to , or almost 15 % of all Bt corn grown , suggesting in some areas ample acreage does not exist to support pests without resistance to mate with any resistant pests that survived the Bt corn .
The Indians named Borneo Suvarnabhumi ( the land of gold ) and also Karpuradvipa ( Camphor Island ) .
A brick is a block or a single unit of a ceramic material used in masonry construction .
Typically bricks are stacked together or laid as brickwork using various kinds of mortar to hold the bricks together and make a permanent structure .
This mass is then cut into bricks of the desired length by a wall of wires .
This type of brick must have good thermal shock resistance , refractoriness under load , high melting point , and satisfactory porosity .
Thrown largely onto himself , he experimented with extreme compositional practices , the peak being his Sonata for Violin and Piano No. 1 ( Op .
Self-adjoint operators , where A = A † , play an important role in quantum mechanics ; for example , an observable is always described by a self-adjoint operator .
File : Schreber woad mill 1752 .
However , partners should be aware of each other 's psychological states and behaviors in order to prevent instances where the freakouts prevent the use of safe words .
To some extent , everyday items like clothes-pins , wooden spoon s or plastic wrap are used as pervertables .
The problem of noise disturbance is also lessened at these events , while in the home setting many BDSM activities can be limited by this factor .
Psychology Prevalence BDSM is practiced in all social strata and is common in both heterosexual and homosexual men and women in varied occurrences and intensities .
In an AASECT article providing guidelines for therapists working with BDSM clients , sexologists Charles Allen Moser and Peggy Kleinplatz highlight that distress can occur in BDSM patients due to stigma and discrimination surrounding BDSM , and that in these circumstances the role of the therapist is to " validate the distress rather than to ' cure ' the BDSM desires " .
When started as an interactive login shell : When a login shell exits : When started as an interactive shell ( but not a login shell ) : Portability Invoking Bash with the -- posix option or stating set - o posix in a script causes Bash to conform very closely to the POSIX 1003.2 standard .
Also of great importance to the Reformers would be Bernard 's conception of justification .
Braveheart is a 1995 historical drama war film directed by and starring Mel Gibson .
Gibson portrays William Wallace , a 13th century Scottish warrior who led the Scots in the First War of Scottish Independence against King Edward I of England .
Jus Primae Noctis In the film , Edward Longshanks , King of England , is shown invoking the right of Jus Primae Noctis , supposedly allowing the Lord of a medieval estate to take the virginity of his serf 's maiden daughters .
It was arranged that a coded signal would be transmitted to alert the submarines exactly when the operation commenced : ' Take into account the enemy 's forces may be putting to sea ' .
There the boat became entangled in nets that fouled one of the propellers , forcing it to abandon the operation and return home .
They then proceeded northwest , passing west of the Horn 's Reef lightship heading for the Little Fisher Bank at the mouth of the Skagerrak .
Dozens of crewmen were instantly killed , but far larger destruction was averted when the mortally wounded turret commander – Major Francis Harvey of the Royal Marines – promptly ordered the magazine doors shut and the magazine flooded .
She was eventually sunk by her escorts ' torpedoes after her crew had been safely removed .
The British used a ' bracket system ' , whereby a salvo was fired at the best-guess range and , depending where it landed , the range was progressively corrected up or down until successive shots were landing in front of and behind the enemy .
On the 90th anniversary of the battle , in 2006 , the UK Ministry of Defence belatedly announced that the 14 British vessels lost in the battle were being designated as protected places under the Protection of Military Remains Act .
Zoroastrianism had a long history in Azerbaijan , evident in sites such as the Fire Temple of Baku or ceremonies like Nowruz , along with Manichean .
JPG | Old Baku " Icheri Sheher " File : Nizami street baku .
jpg | Bank of China building in morning Image : Bank of china night .
He was given 57 men — 33 from HMS Pearl and 24 from HMS Lyme .
BV is caused by an imbalance of naturally occurring bacterial flora and is often confused with yeast infection ( candidiasis ) or infection with Trichomonas vaginalis ( trichomoniasis ) , which are not caused by bacteria .
Description The American bison and the European wisent are the largest terrestrial animals in North America and Europe .
These ranchers bred some of the bison with cattle in an effort to produce " cattleo " ( today called " beefalo " ) Accidental crossings were also known to occur .
However the resulting braille is not as easily readable as braille that has been freshly embossed , in much the same way that a poor-quality photocopy is not as readable as the original .
In 2005 the Federal Communications Commission adopted a Report and Order that revised the FCC ’s rules to open the 3650 MHz band for terrestrial wireless broadband operations .
He instructed his naval commander , Vice-Admiral François-Paul Brueys D'Aigalliers , to anchor in Alexandria harbour , but naval surveyors reported that the channel into the harbour was too shallow and narrow for the larger ships of the French fleet .
These shoals were too shallow to permit passage of larger warships , and so Brueys ordered his thirteen ships of the line to form up in a line of battle following the northeastern edge of the shoals to the south of the island , a position that allowed the ships to disembark supplies from their port side while covering the landings with their starboard batteries .
At 14:00 on 1 August , lookouts on HMS Zealous reported the French anchored in Aboukir Bay , its signal lieutenant just beating the lieutenant on HMS Goliath with the signal , but inaccurately describing 16 French ships of the line instead of 13 .
At the sight of the French , Troubridge abandoned the vessel and made strenuous efforts to rejoin Nelson .
In 1799 , British ships harassed Bonaparte 's army as it marched east and north through Palestine , and played a crucial part in Bonaparte 's defeat at the Siege of Acre , when the barges carrying the siege train were captured and the French storming parties were bombarded by British ships anchored offshore .
The potential of a successful engagement at sea to change the course of history is underscored by the list of French army officers carried aboard the convoy who later formed the core of the generals and marshals under Emperor Napoleon .
There are no known Norse sources mentioning the name of the settlement , or even the settlement itself , and the original Norse name of Birka is unknown .
( They are also seen in eastern Europe ) CTX-M-14 , CTX-M-3 , and CTX-M-2 are the most widespread .
Although the inhibitor-resistant TEM variants are resistant to inhibition by clavulanic acid and sulbactam , thereby showing clinical resistance to the beta-lactam — lactamase inhibitor combinations of amoxicillin - clavulanate ( co-amoxiclav ) , ticarcillin - clavulanate ( co-ticarclav ) , and ampicillin/sulbactam , they normally remain susceptible to inhibition by tazobactam and subsequently the combination of piperacillin/tazobactam , although resistance has been described .
Afghan officials blamed the Quetta Shura , which is the leadership of the Afghan Taliban hiding in the affluent Satellite Town of Quetta in Pakistan .
The newest version of the aircraft , the 747-8 , is in production and received certification in 2011 .
In 1986 , two − 100BSR SUD models , featuring the stretched upper deck ( SUD ) of the − 300 , were produced for JAL .
Though ruthless , it was arguably justifiable given the situation of the battle ; even the French chroniclers do not criticise him for it .
Bronze was an important element in ceremonies and as for mortuary offerings until 100 .
In 2006 Oddie appeared in the BBC show Never Mind The Buzzcocks , and also appeared on the topical quiz show 8 out of 10 Cats .
Television and film appearances Programs Results Further reading References External links
The young team reorganized and decentralized the company , adopting modern business tactics .
In 2001 Bombardier acquired Adtranz ( DaimlerChrysler Rail Systems ) , a manufacturer of trains which were widely used throughout Germany and Great Britain .
Examples BR1 bogie The British Railways Mark 1 coach brought into production in 1950 used the BR1 bogie , which was rated to run at .
The bar had two steel coil springs placed on it and the bogie frame rested on the springs .
1969 to 1982 In 1977 , the Carter Committee Report recommended a further division of the two main services and for their relocation under two individual corporations .
The principal licence granted to British Telecom laid down strict and extensive conditions affecting the range of its activities , including those of manufacture and supply of apparatus .
These included a model dairy which he developed during 1861 , the year of his death .
On March 13 , in a spring training game against the Pittsburgh Pirates , Crystal led off as the designated hitter .
The German edition uses the term blitzkrieg .
France French doctrine in the mid-war years was defense-oriented .
The German Army had a greater grasp of the effects of technology on the battlefield , and went on to develop a new form of warfare by which its rivals when it came to the test were hopelessly outclassed .
Historian Kenneth Macksey found Liddell Hart 's original letters to Guderian , in the General 's papers , requesting that Guderian give him credit for " impressing him " with his ideas of armoured warfare .
The comics were also distributed in some of Britain 's colonies or former colonies .
The first such vote occurred in 1995 with Vic Volcano emerging as the winner .
Following the retirement of Euan Kerr , Alan Digby took over as Editor-in-Chief of both titles .
Bees infected with the apocephalus borealis fly can not spread the infection to humans .
An accountant may prepare the income statement and balance sheet using the trial balance and ledgers prepared by the bookkeeper .
If an account has a debit balance , the balance amount is copied into column two ( the debit column ) .
Bézier curves were widely publicized in 1962 by the French engineer Pierre Bézier , who used them to design automobile bodies at Renault .
For 3D animation Bézier curves are often used to define 3D paths as well as 2D curves for keyframe interpolation .
Another approach , used by modern hardware graphics adapters with accelerated geometry , can convert exactly all Bézier and conic curves ( or surfaces ) into NURBS , that can be rendered incrementally without first splitting the curve recursively to reach the necessary flatness condition .
Linear Bézier curves Given points P0 and P1 , a linear Bézier curve is simply a straight line between those two points .
However , this is not the case all the time .
According to Ivinskaya , People who arrived in Peredelkino early in the morning on the day of the funeral told us that militiamen , commanded by very senior officers , were already stationed at the approaches to the village .
Olga Ivinskaya died of cancer on 8 September 1995 .
The film , which toured in the roadshow tradition , starred Omar Sharif , Geraldine Chaplin , and Julie Christie .
This formula is easiest to understand for the combinatorial interpretation of binomial coefficients .
Campbell also landed the lead role of race car driver Hank Cooper in the Disney made-for-television remake of The Love Bug .
Although the collections centre on Mesopotamia most of the surrounding areas are well represented .
jpg | Amravati Sculptures , 1st century BC and 3rd century AD File : Ku K'ai - chih 001 .
In this generalisation , the finite sum is replaced by an infinite series .
It is the largest of the country 's four administrative provinces in terms of area , constituting approximately 44 % of Pakistan 's total land mass , and the smallest in terms of population , being home to around 10 % of the country 's population .
In 1883 , the British took control of the Bolan Pass , south-east of Quetta , from the Khan of Kalat .
Official estimates of Balochistan 's population grew from approximately 7.45 million in 2003 to 7.8 million in 2005 .
With his new position and wealth came a change in style : Tweed began to favor wearing a large diamond in his shirtfront – a habit that Thomas Nast used to great effect in his attacks on Tweed in Harper 's Weekly beginning in 1869 – and he bought a brownstone to live in at 41 West 36th Street , then a very fashionable area .
His protégé , John T. Hoffman , the former mayor of the city , won election as governor , and Tweed garnered the support of good government reformers like Peter Cooper and the Union League Club , by proposing a new city charter which returned power to City Hall at the expense of the Republican-inspired state commissions .
Tweed was played by Philip Bosco in the 1986 TV movie Liberty , and by Jim Broadbent as a major supporting character in the 2002 film Gangs of New York .
In the early 1970s , however , the New York Convention and Visitors Bureau ( now NYC & Company , the official marketing and tourism organization for New York City ) , under the leadership of its president , Charles Gillett , began promoting " the Big Apple " for the city .
These linear combinations are also known as Bessel functions of the third kind ; they are two linearly independent solutions of Bessel 's differential equation .
Money and banking monopoly Tucker also opposed state protection of the ' banking monopoly ' — the requirement that one must obtain a charter to engage in the business of banking .
He believed that free trade would help keep prices low and therefore would assist laborers in receiving their " natural wage " .
The code quality and general utility along with the licensing terms have led to its use in a multitude of free and open source software .
This property is used in several theorems in complexity theory : Algorithms for solving SAT There are two classes of high-performance algorithms for solving instances of SAT in practice : the conflict-driven clause learning algorithm , which can be viewed as a modern variant of the DPLL algorithm ( well known implementation include Chaff , GRASP ) and stochastic local search algorithms , such as WalkSAT .
These " extras " to the basic systematic search have been empirically shown to be essential for handling the large SAT instances that arise in electronic design automation ( EDA ) .
It is common for retiring professors to have served the university for thirty , forty , and even occasionally , fifty years , a circumstance that has contributed to the stability and conservatism of an institution of higher learning that has virtually no endowment and at which faculty salaries are " sacrificial . "
In the 1990s , other Republicans such as Dan Quayle , Pat Buchanan , Phil Gramm , Bob Dole , and Alan Keyes also spoke at BJU .
Spain ceded Florida to Britain .
The realisation that Britain could not defend its entire empire pushed Australia and New Zealand , which now appeared threatened by Japanese forces , into closer ties with the United States , which after the war eventually resulted in the 1951 ANZUS Pact between Australia , New Zealand and the United States of America .
Plot As a child , Bruce Wayne ( Michael Keaton ) witnesses his parents killed by a criminal .
With various problems during filming , Burton called it " torture .
However , writer Akiva Goldsman turned down an offer to write the script .
Using his invention that Bruce had rejected earlier , Nygma can read and control people 's minds , and steal their intelligence quotient .
There 's no fun machine this summer that packs more surprises . "
He reaches Wayne Manor barely alive and sits before his father ’s bust , requesting guidance in his war on crime .
Claiming the building has been scheduled for demolition , Loeb orders a bomb dropped on it , forcing Batman into the fortified basement , abandoning his belt as the explosives inside catch fire .
The Pont Saint-Esprit connects Petit Bayonne with the Quartier Saint-Esprit across the Adour , where the massive Citadelle and the railway station are located .
An outbreak in 1471 took as much as 10 – 15 % of the population , while the death rate of the plague of 1479 – 80 could have been as high as 20 % .
There were 22 outbreaks of plague in Venice between 1361 and 1528 .
The US standardized on a version of ITA2 called the American Teletypewriter code ( USTTY ) which was the basis for 5-bit teletypewriter codes until the debut of 7-bit ASCII in 1963 .
Not surprisingly , the city stands out as an important business tourism destination , which is an important part of the local economy , with dozens of hotels spread around the national capital .
However , the cost was thought to be too great for the UK alone , and international collaboration was sought .
The missile was vulnerable to a pre-emptive strike , launched without warning or in the absence of any heightening of tension sufficient to warrant readying the missile .
Primary sources include more than three hundred choreographies in Beauchamp-Feuillet notation , as well as manuals by Raoul Auger Feuillet and Pierre Rameau in France , Kellom Tomlinson and John Weaver in England , and Gottfried Taubert in Germany .
Further study is needed to determine whether they belong to the subspecies Canis lupus familiaris , as is the case with most dogs , or rather into the subspecies Canis lupus dingo , like the Australian Dingo .
This ceremony of brit shalom is not officially approved of by the Reform or Reconstructionist rabbinical organizations , who make the recommendation that male infants should be circumcised , though the issue of converts remains controversial and circumcision of converts is not mandatory in either movement .
Seen from this perspective , property right is absolute and property has a special and distinctive character that precedes its legal protection .
Blue Steel emerged as a pilotless , winged aircraft roughly the size of the experimental Saunders-Roe SR. 53 interceptor , with clipped delta wing s and small canard foreplanes .
Teresa Moore chose not to be a party to the suit , but during the proceedings she linked up with Amo Bishop in opposition to Mitchell .
To the west the Upper Houses look out on the Vic Quad and the main Victoria College building across it .
Desmethyldiazepam has a half-life of 36 – 200 hours , and flurazepam , with the main active metabolite of desalkylflurazepam , with a half-life of 40 – 250 hours .
Expecting the pharmacology results to be negative and hoping to publish the chemistry-related findings , researchers submitted it for a standard battery of animal tests .
The body mass index ( BMI ) , or Quetelet index , is a measure for human body shape based on an individual 's weight and height .
It was devised between 1830 and 1850 by the Belgian polymath Adolphe Quetelet during the course of developing " social physics " .
It is still classified above Top Secret . "
Citing Mark Twain as an influence , Straczynski said he wanted the show to be a mirror to the real world and to covertly teach .
Dell Publishing started publication of a series of Babylon 5 novels in 1995 , which were ostensibly considered canon within the TV series ' continuity , nominally supervised by creator J. Michael Straczynski , with later novels in the line being more directly based upon Straczynski 's own notes and story outlines .
The case was eventually settled out of court for $ 23.25 million with no admission of liability on Microsoft 's part .
In 490 BC , he sent a naval task force under Datis and Artaphernes across the Aegean , to subjugate the Cyclades , and then to make punitive attacks on Athens and Eretria .
And when Miltiades realized that , he attacked and thus won .
The Balfour Declaration of 1926 , a report resulting from the 1926 Imperial Conference of British Empire leaders in London , was named after the British statesman Arthur Balfour , first Earl of Balfour , Lord President of the Council and a previous Prime Minister of the United Kingdom .
The Balfour Declaration ( dated 2 November 1917 ) was a letter from the United Kingdom 's Foreign Secretary Arthur James Balfour to Baron Rothschild ( Walter Rothschild , 2nd Baron Rothschild ) , a leader of the British Jewish community , for transmission to the Zionist Federation of Great Britain and Ireland .
The text of the letter was published in the press one week later , on 9 November 1917 .
Greek dominance on the Aegean Sea made it impossible for the Ottomans to transfer the planned troops from the Middle East to the Thracian ( against the Bulgarian ) and to the Macedonian ( against the Greeks and Serbians ) fronts .
In the joint Serbian-Montenegrin theater of operation the Montenegrin army besieged and captured the Shkodra , ending the Ottoman presence in Europe west of the Çatalca line after nearly 500 years .
It retreated according to plan for two days while Thessaloniki was cleared of the remaining Bulgarian regiment .
Reactions among the Great Powers during the wars The developments that led to the First Balkan War did not go unnoticed by the Great Powers , but although there was an official consensus between the European Powers over the territorial integrity of the Ottoman Empire , which led to a stern warning to the Balkan states , unofficially each of them took a different diplomatic approach due to their conflicting interests in the area .
Once a prototype has passed the tests at a certification lab , and that model is being constructed under the control of a certified quality system , the device is entitled to bear a CE mark , indicating that the device is believed to be safe and reliable when used as directed .
As a result , the time to design or redesign medical device s to the new standard is now .
Wills and the Texas Playboys recorded with several publishers and companies , including Vocalion , Okeh , Columbia , and MGM , frequently moving .
Bob Wills , 70 , " Western Swing " bandleader-composer ; of pneumonia ; in Fort Worth .
The attack sequence was to begin with Maj. Gens .
Three miles ( 5 km ) east of Gettysburg , in what is now called " East Cavalry Field " ( not shown on the accompanying map , but between the York and Hanover Roads ) , Stuart 's forces collided with Federal cavalry : Brig. Gen. David McMurtrie Gregg 's division and Brig. Gen. Custer 's brigade .
The nature of the result of the Battle of Gettysburg has been the subject of controversy for years .
There is simply no way to prove such a claim untrue .
To access this website , registration is required , usually through a library connected to a college or university .
It may however refer to an earlier monastic settlement instituted by St. Guron , which St. Petroc took as his site .
History St. Petroc founded a monastery in Bodmin in the sixth century and gave the town its alternative name of Petrockstow .
The School also has one of the largest sixth forms in the county .
Transport Bodmin Parkway railway station is served by main line trains and is situated on the Cornish Main Line about 3 ½ miles ( 5 ½ km ) south-east from the town centre .
It was strongly felt in San Francisco , causing major damage , and experienced by Samuel Clemens ( Mark Twain ) .
Some of the slide activity itself , however , results from movement on the Hayward Fault .
Berkeley 's location directly opposite the Golden Gate ensures that typical eastward fog flow blankets the city more often than its neighbors .
To overcome the inconvenience of using such a library the Breviary came into existence and use .
The copies were not spread far , and were soon worn out by the daily use made of them .
Skinner placed a series of hungry pigeons in a cage attached to an automatic mechanism that delivered food to the pigeon " at regular intervals with no reference whatsoever to the bird 's behavior . "
Subsequent research ( e.g. Staddon and Simmelhag , 1971 ) , while finding similar behavior , failed to find support for Skinner 's " adventitious reinforcement " explanation for it .
For the 2008 – 09 season , he joined ESPN as a part-time color commentator as well as continuing his studio analyst duties .
He was often quoted as saying , " Most people have the will to win , few have the will to prepare to win . "
Blizzard Entertainment , Inc. v. Valve Corporation Shortly after Valve Corporation filed its trademark for " Dota " to secure the franchising rights for Dota 2 , DotA-Allstars , LLC , run by former contributors to the games 's predecessor , Defense of the Ancients , filed an opposing trademark in August 2010 .
He was one of the most important figures in the Counter-Reformation .
This is because humans evolved too recently for the difference in activity over a fraction of a half-life to be significant .
This rate would convert to 0.8 Gy/a for year-round continuous exposure , but in fact the levels vary seasonally and are much lower in the nearest residences .
In the second scene of the play , King Duncan describes the brave manner in which Macbeth , Thane of Glamis , and Banquo bravely led his army against invaders , fighting side by side .
This premonition of the coming darkness in association with Macbeth 's murders is repeated just before Banquo is killed : " it will be rain to-night " , Banquo tells his son Fleance .
Then , when Macbeth approaches , Banquo , having had dreams about Macbeth 's deeds , takes back his sword as a precaution in this case .
The English Army ( and subsequently the British Army ) stayed in Ireland primarily to suppress numerous Irish revolts and campaigns for independence .
De Benneville " Bert " Bell ( February 25 , 1895 – October 11 , 1959 ) was the National Football League ( NFL ) commissioner from 1945 until his death in 1959 .
In a series of events known as the Pennsylvania Polka , Rooney and Bell exchanged their entire Eagles roster and their territorial rights in Philadelphia to Thompson for his entire Steelers roster and his rights in Pittsburgh .
He was then immediately placed at the center of a controversy wherein the owners denied Dan Reeves permission to relocate the Cleveland Rams to Los Angeles .
Politics Bamberg is an independent city .
The House of Bonaparte is an imperial and royal European dynasty founded by Napoleon I of France in 1804 , a French military leader who rose to notability out of the French Revolution and transformed the French Republic into the First French Empire within five years of his coup d'état .
Napoleon turned the Grande Armée against every major European power and dominated continental Europe through a series of military victories .
However , individual strands can also be linked in more elaborate ways with long loops that may contain alpha helices or even entire protein domains .
The β-α-β motif Due to the chirality of their component amino acids , all strands exhibit a " right-handed " twist evident in most higher-order β sheet structures .
Since the donation by Rudolph III of Burgundy of the Moutier-Grandval Abbey and all its possessions to Bishop Adalbero II in 999 till the Reformation , Basel was ruled by prince-bishop s ( see Bishop of Basel , whose memory is preserved in the crosier shown on the Basel coat-of-arms – see above ) .
Prince-Bishopric of Basel In 1019 the construction of the cathedral of Basel ( known locally as the Münster ) began under German Emperor Heinrich II .
There were 1,325 individuals ( or about 0.80 % of the population ) who were Jewish , and 12,368 ( or about 7.43 % of the population ) who were Islam ic .
Politics Geo-politically , the city of Basel functions as the capital of the Swiss half-canton of Basel-Stadt , though several of its suburb s form part of the half-canton of Basel-Landschaft or of the canton of Aargau ( or of France or Germany ) .
Bunnies & Burrows ( B&B ) is a role-playing game ( RPG ) inspired by the novel Watership Down .
Published by Fantasy Games Unlimited in 1976 , the game centered on intelligent rabbits .
In addition , it was also the first role-playing game to have detailed martial arts rules ( known as " Bun Fu " ) and the first attempt at a skill system .
Bacardi vacated its former headquarter buildings on Biscayne Boulevard in Midtown Miami .
British political participation in the Ulster Larne gun-running was seen as a real threat to the implication of Home Rule .
In addition they shot dead three local people .
From 1942 to 1944 George Orwell was a proponent of Basic English , but in 1945 he became critical of universal language s. Basic English later inspired his use of Newspeak in Nineteen Eighty-Four .
A few of them are discussed here .
In 1968 Skymaster transport aircraft was replaced with a C-121J Constellation .
With still others it leads to a new vision of the moral life and its orders , to a selfless realization of love of neighbour .
Furthermore , the term " usually includes the notion of human choice in salvation and excludes a view of divine election by grace alone " .
The B-1 's variable-sweep wings and thrust-to-weight ratio provide it with better takeoff performance , allowing it to use more runways than previous bombers .
The B-1 received the official name " Lancer " on 15 March 1990 .
Cranmer recognized that the 1549 rite of Communion had been capable of conservative misinterpretation and misuse in that the consecration rite might still be undertaken even when no congregational Communion followed .
The Parliamentary government had its way but it became clear that the division was not between Catholics and Protestants , but between Puritans and those who valued the Elizabethan settlement . .
Attempts by the Presbyterians led by Richard Baxter to gain approval for an alternative service book failed .
Africa The Book Of Common Prayer in Africa is the same as the ones in other places .
However there was not the integration of facilities in the BSA ~ Daimler case , nor was there a reorganisation of either BSA or Daimler and in view of the earlier criticism contained in the 1909 report of the investigation committee , BSA continued to produce cars of their own using Daimler engines .
Air Ballarat Airport located North-West of the CBD consists of two sealed runways ( each approximately length and wide ) as well as extensive sealed aprons , night lighting and NDB Navaid .
The 1965 season was less successful , with no championship wins .
In mid-1942 , Gen. Arnold decided that the B-17 was inadequate for the kind of operations required in the Pacific and made plans to replace all of the B-17s in the theater with B-24s as soon as they became available .
On 1 June , Seigrist and Price returned and picked up Smith and LeSchack using a Fulton Skyhook system installed on the B-17 .
The next day was wet and the sea was rough .
Evidence given by Martin McGuinness , a senior member of Sinn Féin and now the deputy First Minister of Northern Ireland , to the inquiry stated that he was second-in-command of the Derry City brigade of the Provisional IRA and was present at the march .
The origin of the name is somewhat unclear , as several differing stories and claims exist .
He served for two and a half years as Deputy Sheriff in the Valencia County Citizens ' Patrol ; during that time he personally purchased and donated three highway patrol pursuit cars .
Accolades Bo Diddley achieved numerous accolades in recognition of his significant role as one of the founding fathers of rock and roll .
His last appearance was Wood 's Plan 9 from Outer Space .
Terms with systematic ambiguity may be written with subscripts denoting that one level of meaning is considered a higher priority than another in their interpretation . "
The first Biathlon World Championships ( BWCH ) was held in 1958 , with individual and team contests for men .
The number of events has grown significantly over the years .
1994-98 : 10 km .
The area has a large student population and hosts the annual Belfast Festival at Queen 's each autumn .
With renewed financial input , W. O. Bentley was able to design another generation of cars .
These new rules quickly spread throughout western Europe .
Alfred Binet and others showed that knowledge and verbal , rather than visuospatial , ability lies at the core of expertise .
Sir Charles Spencer " Charlie " Chaplin , ( 16 April 1889 25 December 1977 ) was a British comic actor and filmmaker who rose to fame in the silent era .
Chaplin became a worldwide icon through his screen persona " the Tramp " and is considered one of the most important figures of the film industry .
Chaplin 's speciality with the company was a burlesque of Dick Turpin and the music hall star " Dr. Bodie " .
With an insurance of $ 1,500 promised in case of failure , Sennett also allowed Chaplin to direct his own film .
At Essanay , writes film scholar Simon Louvish , Chaplin " found the themes and the settings that would define the Tramp 's world . "
It was these concerns that stimulated Chaplin to develop his new film .
Unwilling to be quiet about the issue , he openly protested the trials of Communist Party members and the activities of the House Un-American Activities Committee .
36 % of all citizens commute to work , school or university by bicycle and it is municipal policy that this number should go up to 40 % by 2012 and 50 % in 2015 .
History Ancient The ancient period introduced some of the ideas that led to integral calculus , but does not seem to have developed these ideas in a rigorous and systematic way .
The combination was achieved by John Wallis , Isaac Barrow , and James Gregory , the latter two proving the second fundamental theorem of calculus around 1670 .
The process of finding the derivative is called differentiation .
Most of the thousands of human languages use patterns of sound or gesture for symbols which enable communication with others around them .
One definition of classical philology describes it as " the science which concerns itself with everything that has been transmitted from antiquity in the Greek or Latin language .
The basis of such a chemical transformation is the rearrangement of electrons in the chemical bonds between atoms .
The phase of matter is defined by the phase transition , which is when energy put into or taken out of the system goes into rearranging the structure of the system , instead of changing the bulk conditions .
Some of them are : Practice Subdisciplines Chemistry is typically divided into several major sub-disciplines .
According to Meyers Enzyklopädisches Lexikon , Central Europe is a part of Europe composed by the surface of the Netherlands , Belgium , Luxembourg , Germany , Poland , Switzerland , Austria , Czechoslovakia , Hungary and Romania , northern marginal regions of Italy and Yugoslavia ( northern states - Slovenia , Croatia and Serbia ) as well as northeastern France .
Many of the volcanic belts bear ore deposits that are related to the volcanism .
In the 2011 election , the New Democratic Party succeeded in winning 59 of Quebec 's 75 seats , successfully reducing the number of seats of every other party substantially .
The Port of Vancouver is the busiest port in Canada , moving 68 million tonnes or 15 % of Canada 's total in domestic and international shipping in 2003 .
Evolution The Federal Department of Transport established November 2 , 1936 , supervised railways , canals , harbours , marine and shipping , civil aviation , radio and meteorology .
Americans on the western frontier also hoped an invasion would bring an end to British support of Native American resistance to the westward expansion of the United States , typified by Tecumseh 's coalition of tribes .
There was little demand in the United States for the acquisition of Newfoundland , so the United States did not protest the British decision not to allow an American option on the Newfoundland referendum .
Also rejecting creeds are groups with roots in the Restoration Movement , such as the Christian Church ( Disciples of Christ ) , the Evangelical Christian Church in Canada and the Churches of Christ .
Monasticism became a powerful force throughout Europe , and gave rise to many early centers of learning , most famously in Ireland , Scotland and Gaul , contributing to the Carolingian Renaissance of the 9th century .
During the following centuries , competition between Roman Catholicism and Protestantism became deeply entangled with political struggles among European states .
Application software is contrasted with system software and middleware , which manage and integrate a computer 's capabilities , but typically do not directly apply them in the performance of tasks that benefit the user .
There is no participle form .
Whereas a scalar CPU must complete the entire process of fetching , decoding , and executing each instruction and value in a set of data , a vector CPU can perform a single operation on a comparatively large set of data with one instruction .
In 1858 the New Granada officially changed its name to the Granadine Confederation , then in 1863 the United States of Colombia , before finally adopting its present name – the Republic of Colombia – in 1886 .
After the offensive , supported by aid from the United States , many security indicators improved .
For the very first time in Colombian history a President accepted that there is an internal armed conflict in the country and proposed an economic reparation for the victims and restitution of their lands .
Colombia is rich in natural resources , and its main exports include petroleum , coal , coffee and other agricultural products , gold , textiles , industrial chemicals , plastics and ferro-alloys .
Culture Colombia lies at the crossroads of Latin America and the broader American continent , and as such has been hit by a wide range of cultural influences .
One particular aspect of the character , Kane 's profligate collecting of possessions , was directly taken from Hearst . "
Welles also dispenses with the idea of a single storyteller and uses multiple narrators to recount Kane 's life .
Film editor Robert Wise recalled each time Citizen Kane s name was called out as a nominee , the crowd booed .
Other examples Other examples of encoding include : Other examples of decoding include : Codes and acronyms Acronym s and abbreviations can be considered codes , and in a sense all language s and writing systems are codes for human thought .
They have a soft , long fur colored grey-brown to reddish on top with a generally brighter underbelly .
Chondrichthyes ( ; from Greek χονδρ - chondr - ' cartilage ' , ἰχθύς ichthys ' fish ' ) or cartilaginous fishes are jawed fish with paired fins , paired nare s , scales , a heart with its chambers in series , and skeletons made of cartilage rather than bone .
The class is divided into two subclasses : Elasmobranchii ( shark s , ray s and skate s ) and Holocephali ( chimaera s , sometimes called ghost sharks , which are sometimes separated into their own class ) .
In the last year at the gymnasium , Linnaeus ' father visited to ask the professors how his son 's studies were progressing ; to his dismay , most said that the boy would never become a scholar .
In July 1736 , Linnaeus travelled to England , at Clifford 's expense .
When using a cipher the original information is known as plaintext , and the encrypted form as ciphertext .
In 1948 , Arthur " Guitar Boogie " Smith achieved top ten US country chart success with his MGM Records recordings of " Guitar Boogie " and " Banjo Boogie , " with the former crossing over to the US pop charts .
Don Messer 's Jubilee followed a consistent format throughout its years , beginning with a tune named " Goin ' to the Barndance Tonight " , followed by fiddle tunes by Messer , songs from some of his " Islanders " including singers Marg Osburne and Charlie Chamberlain , the featured guest performance , and a closing hymn .
In the December 1945 Albanian election , the only effective ballot choices were those of the communist Democratic Front ( Albania ) , led by Enver Hoxha .
Some unitary states ( Spain is an example ) devolve more and more power to sub-national governments until the state functions in practice much like a federal state .
In 1795 , Charles Darwin 's grandfather , Erasmus Darwin , asked : [ W ] ould it be too bold to imagine , that in the great length of time , since the earth began to exist , perhaps millions of ages before the commencement of the history of mankind , would it be too bold to imagine , that all warm-blooded animals have arisen from one living filament , which endued with animality , with the power of acquiring new parts attended with new propensities , directed by irritations , sensations , volitions , and associations ; and thus possessing the faculty of continuing to improve by its own inherent activity , and of delivering down those improvements by generation to its posterity , world without end ?
For example , in English law the Copyright , Designs and Patents Act 1988 provides that if a copyrighted work is made by an employee in the course of that employment , the copyright is automatically owned by the employer which would be a " Work for Hire . "
In Latin and Greek learned words it represents ( e.g. fixar ' fix ' ) and ( e.g. exacte ' exact ' ) , as in other closely related languages .
Phonology The Catalan phonology varies depending on the dialect .
In short , the late Classical was seeking a music that was internally more complex .
In German speaking countries , the term Wiener Klassik ( lit .
The start of heading ( SOH ) character was to mark a non-data section of a data stream — the part of a stream containing addresses and other housekeeping data .
According to the USGS , world production of natural graphite was 1.1 million tonnes in 2010 , to which China contributed 800,00 t , India 130,000 t , Brazil 76,000 t , North Korea 30,000 t and Canada 25,000 t. No natural graphite was reported mined in the United States , but 118,000 t of synthetic graphite with an estimated value of $ 998 million was produced in 2009 .
Von Neumann machines differ in having a memory in which they store their operating instruction s and data .
At pH just below 5.5 the main species present in a 5μM solution of Al3 + are aluminium hydroxide s Al ( OH ) 2 + , Al ( OH ) 2 + and Al13 ( OH ) 327 + , but on raising the pH Al ( OH ) 3 precipitates from the solution .
Companies like Sun Microsystems , Novell , and Microsoft provide their own APIs so that many applications are written using their software libraries that usually have numerous APIs in them .
This experience inspired the text , which reflects on how evil can exist in a world governed by God ( the problem of theodicy ) , and how happiness can be attainable amidst fickle fortune , while also considering the nature of happiness and God .
The next morning , Lo finds Jen standing on a balcony overlooking the edge of the mountain .
The latter 's kingdom is securely placed to the northeast , while Roderic seems to have taken the rest , notably Portugal .
Saracen troops gradually massed in Septimania and in 732 advanced into Vasconia , and Odo was defeated at the Battle of the River Garonne .
Grifo had installed himself as Duke of Bavaria , but Pepin replaced him with a member of the royal family yet a child , Tassilo , whose protector he had become after the death of his father .
The last conquest brought them to the mouth of the Ebro and gave them raiding access to Valencia , prompting the Emir al-Hakam I to recognize their conquests in 812 .
In 808 , the king of the Danes , Godfred , built the vast Danevirke across the isthmus of Schleswig .
Charlemagne took a serious interest in scholarship , promoting the liberal arts at the court , ordering that his children and grandchildren be well-educated , and even studying himself ( in a time when even leaders who promoted education did not take time to learn themselves ) under the tutelage of Peter of Pisa , from whom he learned grammar ; Alcuin , with whom he studied rhetoric , dialectic ( logic ) , and astronomy ( he was particularly interested in the movements of the stars ) ; and Einhard , who assisted him in his studies of arithmetic .
The papacy itself never forgot the title nor abandoned the right to bestow it .
At Charlemagne ’s court , a court library was founded ( Murray , 2009 ) .
For example , it can rely on the user 's settings , either browser-wide or specific for a given document , or it can pick a default encoding based on the user 's language .
PNG | Armchair ( '' n '' , '' n '' ) File : Carbon_nanorim_armchair_povray .
CNTs have an aligned nanotube structure and a negative surface charge .
The Czech state , formerly known as Bohemia , was formed in the late 9th century as a small duchy around Prague , at that time under the dominance of the powerful Great Moravia n Empire .
This new country incorporated the Bohemian Crown ( Bohemia , Moravia and Silesia ) and parts of the Kingdom of Hungary ( Slovakia and the Carpathian Ruthenia ) with significant German , Hungarian , Polish and Ruthenia n speaking minorities .
The Czech Republic is ranked 30th in the 2012 Index of Economic Freedom .
Goose , duck , rabbit and wild game are served .
Sport is a source of strong waves of patriotism , usually rising several days or weeks before an event .
The population was generally literate , and contained fewer alienated groups .
The deportation of Jews to concentration camps was organized , and the fortress town of Terezín was made into a ghetto way station for Jewish families .
Major achievements Despite its short history as a formal academic discipline , computer science has made a number of fundamental contributions to science and society - in fact , along with electronics , it is a founding science of the current epoch of human history called the Information Age and a driver of the Information Revolution , seen as the third major leap in human technological progress after the Industrial Revolution ( 1750-1850 CE ) and the Agricultural Revolution ( 8000-5000 BCE ) .
The term computics has also been suggested .
The academic , political , and funding aspects of computer science tend to depend on whether a department formed with a mathematical emphasis or with an engineering emphasis .
Computer Networks This branch of computer science aims to manage networks between computers worldwide .
In 1950 , Pope Pius XII stated limited support for the idea in his encyclical Humani Generis , 36 .
And it is We ( Allah ) Who have constructed the sky ( space ) with might , and it is We ( Allah ) Who are steadily expanding it . " "
Creation Ministries International promotes Young-Earth views in Australia , Canada , South Africa , New Zealand , the United States , and the United Kingdom .
As a consequence on April 13 , 1975 , several units of N'Djamena 's gendarmerie killed Tombalbaye during a coup .
French troops and an OAU peacekeeping force of 3,500 Nigerian , Senegal ese , and Zairian troops ( partially funded by the United States ) remained neutral during the conflict .
Barde was killed in the fighting , as were hundreds of other southerners , most civilians .
Colloids preserve a high colloid osmotic pressure in the blood , and therefore , they should theoretically preferentially increase the intravascular volume , whereas other types of volume expanders called crystalloid s also increases the interstitial volume and intracellular volume .
Safe Food Handling , Danger Zone .
Each card has two sides , the face and the back .
The Unterhaltungssoftware Selbstkontrolle ( USK or Voluntary Certification of Entertainment Software ) checks every game before release and assigns an age rating to it – either none ( white ) , 6 years of age ( yellow ) , 12 years of age ( green ) , 16 years of age ( blue ) or 18 years of age ( red ) .
The Cambrian is the first geological period of the Paleozoic Era , lasting from to million years ago ( mya ) and is succeeded by the Ordovician .
Its subdivisions , and indeed its base , are somewhat in flux .
The end of the period was eventually set at a fairly definite faunal change now identified as an extinction event .
Different strengths of concrete are used for different purposes .
History Before the 19th century Whether condoms were used in ancient civilizations is debated by archaeologists and historians .
Worldwide , condom sales doubled in the 1920s .
The first rubber condom was produced in 1855 .
Throughout World War II , condoms were not only distributed to male U.S. military members , but also heavily promoted with films , posters , and lectures .
In addition , a portion of each batch of condoms is subject to water leak and air burst testing .
Some studies have associated larger penises and smaller condoms with increased breakage and decreased slippage rates ( and vice versa ) , but other studies have been inconclusive .
Big Bang nucleosynthesis had a brief period during which it could operate , so only the very lightest elements were produced .
This is the approach of the Sloan Digital Sky Survey and the 2dF Galaxy Redshift Survey .
The simplest models of inflation predict that this quantity is between 0.92 and 0.98 .
It appears that special conditions are necessary since inflation occurs in tunneling between two vacua in the string landscape .
Another adjunct , the varying speed of light model has also been theorized by Jean-Pierre Petit in 1988 , John Moffat in 1992 as well Andreas Albrecht and João Magueijo in 1999 , instead of superluminal expansion the speed of light was 60 orders of magnitude faster than its current value solving the horizon and homogeneity problems in the early universe .
Germany , Austria and Scandinavia used the Hefnerkerze , a unit based on the output of a Hefner lamp .
These include models to study the electronic properties of solids , such as the Drude model , the Band structure and the density functional theory .
Grid plans were popular among planners in the 19th century , particularly after the redesign of Paris .
In Italy medieval commune s had quite a statelike power .
Population thresholds currently exist under Local government acts in most states including New South Wales ( 1919 - 25,000 ) ; South Australia ( 22,000 ) ; Western Australia ( 30,000 ) and Tasmania ( 10,000 ) .
A city is now usually defined as the administrative center of a province ( ) There are 81 provincial centers in Turkey .
The programme ended on a high after just one series , with Morris winning the 1994 British Comedy Award for Best Newcomer for his lead role as the Paxmanesque news anchor .
He was rumbled when a producer notified the show 's host , John Stapleton .
Morris released a ' remix ' version of this , entitled Jaaaaam .
In 2012 , Morris directed the seventh and penultimate episode of the first season of Veep , an Armando Iannucci-devised American version of The Thick Of It .
Colorado is one of four states in the United States that share a common geographic point the Four Corners together with Arizona , New Mexico , and Utah .
The spring melts of these snows often cause great waterflows in such rivers as the Yampa River , the Grand River , the Colorado River , the Rio Grande , the Arkansas River , Cherry Creek , the North Platte River , and the South Platte River .
Colorado became one of the first states to legalize Marijuana in 2012 with the passing of Amendment 64 .
European contact and French colonization Portuguese explorers first visited the archipelago in 1505 .
Azali honored the election results , thus allowing the first peaceful and democratic exchange of power for the archipelago .
Media and culture Comorian ( ) is the most widely used language on the Comoros .
The term Zhongguo appeared in various ancient texts , such as the Classic of History of the 6th century BC , and in pre-imperial times it was often used as a cultural concept to distinguish the Huaxia tribes from perceived " barbarians " .
Under the succeeding Tang and Song dynasties , Chinese technology and culture entered a golden age .
Southern China is dominated by hills and low mountain ranges , while the central-east hosts the deltas of China 's two major rivers , the Yellow River and the Yangtze River .
In 2010 , Premier Wen Jiabao stated that China needs " to gradually improve the democratic election system so that state power will truly belong to the people and state power will be used to serve the people . "
Regions History Settled by successive waves of arrivals during the last 10,000 years , California was one of the most culturally and linguistically diverse areas in pre-Columbian North America .
Recently , the San Joaquin Valley was characterized as one of the most economically depressed regions in the U.S. , on par with the region of Appalachia .
Rounding the northern end of the Selkirk Mountains , the river turns sharply south through a region known as the Big Bend Country , passing through Revelstoke Lake and the Arrow Lakes .
In 1825 the Hudson 's Bay Company ( HBC ) established Fort Vancouver on the bank of the Columbia , in what is now Vancouver , Washington , as the headquarters of the company 's Columbia District , which encompassed everything west of the Rocky Mountains .
Navigation American captain Robert Gray and British captain George Vancouver , who explored the river in 1792 , proved that it was possible to cross the Columbia Bar .
This change is effected by progressing the 1 's down the set and progressing the 2 's up ( also up the hall and down the hall ; see the article on contra dance form for full characterizations of the progression in the eight dance forms mentioned above ) .
The description of the role of the capitalist has shifted , first referring to a useless intermediary between producers to an employer of producers , and eventually came to refer to owners of the means of production .
Many religions have criticized or opposed specific elements of capitalism .
Simplified , the heart is a circuit of the Circulation .
Cardiac arrest Cardiac arrest refers to the cessation ( to cease ) of normal systemic circulation due to failure in proper contraction of the heart .
The National Assembly is led by a President and two Vice Presidents who are selected by Assembly members prior to each session .
This is a reflection of the deficiency of skilled workers in the country as well as the limited leverage and autonomy Cambodian factories have in strategic decisions .
Another theory is that the House of Fire had a religious function as the repository the sacred flame used in sacred ceremonies .
These flow southwestward or westward directly into the Gulf of Guinea .
Since the late 1980s , Cameroon has been following programmes advocated by the World Bank and International Monetary Fund ( IMF ) to reduce poverty , privatise industries , and increase economic growth .
Inland on the South Cameroon Plateau , cash crops include coffee , sugar , and tobacco .
Meat and fish are popular but expensive additions .
Contemporary art is mainly promoted by independent cultural organizations ( Doual ' art , Africréa ) and artist-run initiatives ( Art Wash , Atelier Viking , ArtBakery ) .
His Cameroon People 's Democratic Movement ( CPDM ) party holds a sizeable majority in the legislature .
6 out of the 11 largest commercial banks are foreign-owned , and the three largest banks hold more than 50 percent of total financial system assets .
As of 2008 , the country had an estimated 987 km of gauge track .
The other rainy season is between December and June , when the northeast trade winds are common during this season , only altitudes above 600m tend to receive regular rain .
Executive branch | President | Jorge Carlos Fonseca | Movement for Democracy | 9 September 2011 | - | Prime Minister | José Maria Neves | African Party for the Independence of Cape Verde | 1 February 2001 | } The Prime Minister is the head of the government and as such proposes other ministers and secretaries of state .
Bilateral relations Angola Cape Verde signed a friendship accord with Angola in December 1975 , shortly after Angola gained its independence .
The Cayman Islands ( or ) are a British Overseas Territory located in the western Caribbean Sea .
The territory comprises the three islands of Grand Cayman , Cayman Brac , and Little Cayman , located south of Cuba and northwest of Jamaica .
Under the principle of collective responsibility , all ministers are obliged to support in the Assembly any measures approved by Cabinet .
In 2006 , due to ongoing violence , over 50,000 people in the country 's northwest were at risk of starvation .
Economic mismanagement , poor infrastructure , a limited tax base , scarce private investment , and adverse external conditions have led to deficits in both its budget and external trade .
Some months later , in the end of October , Patassé sacked his army chief-of-staff , François Bozizé , and tried to arrest him .
During the mutinies , 2,400 French soldiers were patrolling the streets of Bangui .
According to some sources , Bozizé used the money he got from the mining concession in Bakouma to buy two old MI 8 helicopters from Ukraine and one Hercules C 130 , built in the 1950s , from USA .
The United States Department of State approved the lifting of Section 508 aid restrictions triggered by the coup ; U.S. assistance to the Central African Republic had been prohibited except in the areas of humanitarian aid and support for democratization .
Chad ( ; ) , officially the Republic of Chad , is a landlocked country in Central Africa .
It is bordered by Libya to the north , Sudan to the east , the Central African Republic to the south , Cameroon and Nigeria to the southwest , and Niger to the west .
It was not until the 1880s that the Mapuche were completely subjugated .
Including its offshore islands , but excluding its Antarctic claim , Chile lies between latitudes 17 ° and 56 ° S , and longitudes 66 ° and 81 ° W .
On the slopes of the Andes , besides the scattered tola desert brush , grasses are found .
Since the U.S. – Chile Free Trade Agreement went into effect on 1 January 2004 , U.S.-Chilean trade has increased by 154 percent .
The 1999 law on religion prohibits religious discrimination .
The raw minced llama , heavy use of shellfish and rice bread were taken from native Quechua Andean cuisine , ( although now beef brought to Chile by Europeans is also used in place of the llama meat ) , lemon and onions were brought by the Spanish colonists , and the use of mayonnaise and yogurt was introduced by German immigrants , as was beer .
San Martín considered the liberation of Chile a strategic stepping-stone to the emancipation of Peru , which he saw as the key to hemispheric victory over the Spanish .
The lackluster presidents and ineffectual administrations of the period did little to respond to the country 's dependence on volatile nitrate exports , spiraling inflation , and massive urbanization .
The politics of Chile takes place in a framework of a presidential representative democratic republic , whereby the President of Chile is both head of state and head of government , and of a formal multi-party system that in practice behaves like a two-party one , due to binomialism .
Executive power is exercised by the government .
The most important non-mineral exports are forestry and wood products , fresh fruit and processed food , fishmeal and seafood , and wine .
References Bibliography External links
Santiago began its public bus system Transantiago in 2007 .
Morales has repeatedly announced his intention to establish diplomatic relations with Chile once more , but has still not given up Bolivia 's claim to the sea .
The National Anthem of Chile ( ) is also known as Canción Nacional ( National Song ) .
Geography Located at , the island is a quadrilateral with hollowed sides , about in greatest length and in extreme breadth .
The rainy season occurs from May to October , when it is subject to tropical storms and hurricanes .
A recent report ( 2006 ) by the NOAA 's Southwest Fisheries Science Center in La Jolla , California , indicates that the increased rat presence on Clipperton Island has led to a decline in both crab and bird populations , causing a corresponding increase in both vegetation and coconut palms on the island .
As with previous Cordell Expeditioins , the Clipperton project combined radio operations with selected scientific investigations .
Internet . cc is the Internet country code top-level domain ( ccTLD ) for Cocos ( Keeling ) Islands .
The subscriber to the theory is able to assign moral responsibility for an emotionally troubling event or situation to a clearly conceived group of individuals .
On the other three sides it borders five other Africa n nations for a total of : Liberia to the southwest for , Guinea to the northwest for , Mali to the north-northwest for , Burkina Faso to the north-northeast , and Ghana to the east for .
Vital statistics Registration of vital events is in Ivory Coast not complete .
The province of Dalmatia spread inland to cover all of the Dinaric Alps and most of the eastern Adriatic coast .
The Roman period ends with Avar and Croat invasions in the 6th and 7th centuries and the destruction of almost all Roman towns .
Later , however , the Angevins intervened and restored royal power .
There are 444 protected natural areas in Croatia , encompassing 8.5 % of the country ; there are about 37,000 known species in Croatia , and the total number of species is estimated to be between 50,000 and 100,000 .
The General State Attorney is appointed by the parliament .
This arrangement was soon made obsolete with the beginning of World War II , when the Independent State of Croatia , which banned all political opposition , was established .
There are 66 inhabited islands along the Croatian coast which means there is a large number of local ferry connections .
On 19 April Congress passed joint resolution s ( by a vote of 311 to 6 in the House and 42 to 35 in the Senate ) supporting Cuban independence and disclaiming any intention to annex Cuba , demanding Spanish withdrawal , and authorizing the president to use as much military force as he thought necessary to help Cuban patriots gain independence from Spain .
The Americans decided to invade Cuba and to start in Oriente where the Cubans had almost absolute control and were able to co-operate , for example , by establishing a beachhead and protecting the US landing in Daiquiri .
After losing the Philippines and Puerto Rico , which had also been invaded by the US , and with no hope of holding on to Cuba , Spain sued for peace on 17 July 1898 .
The economy of Cuba is a largely centrally planned economy dominated by state-run enterprises overseen by the Cuban government , though there remains significant foreign investment and private enterprise in Cuba .
Most of the means of production are owned and run by the government , and most of the labor force is employed by the state , although in recent years , the formation of cooperatives and self-employment has been encouraged by the Communist Party .
This has led to speculation of the emergence of a two-tier economy and the fostering of a state of tourist apartheid on the island .
Without massive Soviet subsidies and its primary trading partner Cuba was comparatively isolated in the 1990s , but has since entered bilateral co-operation with several South American countries , most notably Venezuela and Bolivia .
The outcome of Cuban withdrawal and the peace accords resulted in the MPLA changing from a Marxist-Leninist party to a Multi-Party Democratic system based on free market principles ( the MPLA also dropped the " PT " extension to their name as a clear sign of dropping their Communist aspirations ) .
At the same time the Turkish Resistance Organisation ( TMT ) , calling for Taksim , or partition , was established by the Turkish Cypriots as a counterweight .
In 1963 , inter-communal violence broke out , partially sponsored by both " motherlands " .
Cognitive science is the interdisciplinary scientific study of the mind and its processes .
It examines what cognition is , what it does and how it works .
The three sentences " Bob runs " , " Bob is old " , and " Bob is a fireman " , for instance , would all have the same form in Lojban : la bob .
IV introduced more diverse sounds on the beats while maintaining the hardcore edge .
In articulatory phonetics , a consonant is a speech sound that is articulated with complete or partial closure of the vocal tract .
Examples are , pronounced with the lips ; , pronounced with the front of the tongue ; , pronounced with the back of the tongue ; , pronounced in the throat ; and , pronounced by forcing air through a narrow channel ( fricative s ) ; and and , which have air flowing through the nose ( nasal s ) .
The grant of seigneurship from Elizabeth I of England forms the basis of Sark 's constitution today .
Economy Tourism is the major industry in the smaller islands ( with some agriculture ) .
In 1970 , the black comedies Catch 22 and M * A * S * H reflected the anti-war sentiment then prevalent , as well as treating the sensitive topic of suicide .
Survival , 565 – 717 In the early 7th century , the Avars and later the Bulgars overwhelmed much of the Balkans , threatening Constantinople from the west .
In the course of a plot between Philip of Swabia , Boniface of Montferrat and the Doge of Venice , the Fourth Crusade was , despite papal excommunication , diverted in 1203 against Constantinople , ostensibly promoting the claims of Alexius son of the deposed emperor Isaac .
Cornish , however , had no legal status in the UK until 2002 .
Hegel 's forecast of a constitutional monarch with very limited powers whose function is to embody the national character and provide constitutional continuity in times of emergency was reflected in the development of constitutional monarchies in Europe and Japan .
On December 29 , 2012 , Love performed an impromptu solo acoustic set at the Electric Room in New York City .
In April 2013 , Love modeled for an upcoming Saint Laurent campaign featuring grunge-inspired pieces ; the campaign also features photography of rockers Marilyn Manson , Kim Gordon , and Ariel Pink .
She made a public statement after her release , saying : " I would just like to thank the court for allowing me these 90 days ... [ It ] helped me deal with a very gnarly drug problem , which is behind me ... I 've been really inspired and have remained inspired . "
The radioisotopes typically decay into other elements upon radiating an alpha or beta particle .
Second , and even more importantly , working memory allows information to be integrated over time so that it can generate a stable representation of the world — Gerald Edelman expressed this point vividly by titling one of his books about consciousness The Remembered Present .
The primary function of a central bank is to manage the nation 's money supply ( monetary policy ) , through active duties such as managing interest rates , setting the reserve requirement , and acting as a lender of last resort to the banking sector during times of bank insolvency or financial crisis .
Applications Production of industrial and consumer products Principal applications of chlorine are in the production of a wide range of industrial and consumer products .
Green chromium oxide is extremely light-fast and as such is used in cladding coatings .
Cadmium burns in air to form brown amorphous cadmium oxide ( CdO ) ; the crystalline form of this compound is a dark red which changes color when heated , similar to zinc oxide .
The European Union banned the use of cadmium in electronics in 2004 with several exceptions but reduced the allowed content of cadmium in electronics to 0.002 % .
The element has two crystalline forms under 1 standard atmosphere of pressure : A double - hexagonal close-packed form dubbed alpha ( α ) and a face-centered cubic form designated beta ( β ) .
The racial makeup of the city was 66.60 % White , 11.70 % Black or African American , 0.20 % Native American , 15.10 % Asian , 0.01 % Pacific Islander , 2.10 % from other races , and 4.30 % from two or more races .
The school has improved under Principal Chris Saheed , graduation rates hover around 98 % , and 70 % of students gain college admission .
Occasionally , " college " refers to a subject specific faculty within a university that , while distinct , are neither federated nor affiliated — College of Education , College of Medicine , College of Dentistry , College of Biological Science among others .
Identity In some contexts , " community " indicates a group of people with a common identity other than location .
MECS Secretary , Dr. Cecilio Putong , who in 1971 wrote that a community school is a school established in the community , by the community , and for the community itself .
This education includes but is not limited to sports , adult literacy and lifestyle education .
There were to be 19 categories of constants , and Ian Hacking sees these as reflecting in part Babbage 's " eccentric enthusiasms " .
His youngest son , Henry Prevost Babbage ( 1824 – 1918 ) , went on to create six working difference engines based on his father 's designs , one of which was sent to Harvard University where it was later discovered by Howard H. Aiken , pioneer of the Harvard Mark I .
Cross-dressing refers to the act of wearing clothing and other accoutrements commonly associated with the opposite sex within a particular society .
Cross-dressing has been used for purposes of disguise , comfort , and as a literary trope in modern times and throughout history .
There are videos , books , and magazines on how a man may look more like a woman .
The Queen travelled through the tunnel to Calais on a Eurostar train , which stopped nose to nose with the train that carried President Mitterrand from Paris .
Count Zero ( 1986 ) and Mona Lisa Overdrive ( 1988 ) followed after Gibson 's popular debut novel .
I remember my first glimpse of Shibuya , when one of the young Tokyo journalists who had taken me there , his face drenched with the light of a thousand media-suns — all that towering , animated crawl of commercial information — said , " You see ?
Social impact Architecture and urban planning Some real life places have been described as cyberpunk , such as Japan , the Sony Center in the Potsdamer Platz public square of Berlin , Germany , Cyberport in Hong Kong , and Shanghai .
Comic strips have appeared in American magazines such as Liberty and Boys ' Life and also on the front covers of magazines , such as the Flossy Frills series on The American Weekly Sunday newspaper supplement .
Today 's strip artists , with the help of the NCS , enthusiastically promote the medium , which is considered to be in decline due to fewer markets ( today few strips are published in newspapers outside the United States , the United Kingdom and Canada , mainly because of the smaller interest there , with translated versions of popular strips - particularly in Spanish - are primarily read over the internet ) and ever-shrinking newspaper space .
Schulz 's family has honored his wishes and refused numerous proposals by syndicators to continue Peanuts with a new author .
It was during this battle that Nelson lost his right arm .
Minority religions are also present such as the Church of the Guanche People which is classified as a neo-pagan religion .
In recent years , the increasing popularity of both scuba diving and underwater photography have provided biologists with much new information on the marine life of the islands .
History The original conception of Call of Cthulhu was Dark Worlds , a game commissioned by the publisher Chaosium but never published .
The game is now in its sixth edition , but the rules have changed little over the years .
Indeed , during the period that these supplements were produced , third party campaign publishers strove to emulate the quality of the additional materials , often offering separately-priced ' deluxe ' clue packages for their campaigns .
Both lines include investigator player character models and the iconic monsters of the Cthulhu mythos .
The colony of Cape Breton Island had its capital at Sydney on its namesake harbour fronting on Spanish Bay and the Cabot Strait .
The Cthulhu Mythos is a shared fictional universe , based on the work of American horror writer H. P. Lovecraft .
This training and isolation of the actors also created a strong bond and sense of camaraderie among them .
Consequences for whom Moral action always has an effect on certain people or things , the consequences .
Since the Cold War was over , so was the direct threat of a war .
Salaries for each are paid from the military budget .
While the typical multi-pass compiler outputs machine code from its final pass , there are several other types : Front end The compiler frontend analyzes the source code to build an internal representation of the program , called the intermediate representation or IR .
For example , Triple DES has a key size of 168 bits but provides at most 112 bits of security , since an attack of complexity 2112 is known .
The name refers to behavior therapy , cognitive therapy , and to therapy based upon a combination of basic behavioral and cognitive principles and research .
Description The premise of mainstream cognitive behavioral therapy is that changing maladaptive thinking leads to change in affect and in behavior , but recent variants emphasize changes in one 's relationship to maladaptive thinking rather than changes in thinking itself .
The therapist needs to be flexible and willing to listen to the patient rather than acting as an authority figure .
About one-fifth of the world 's population , or over one billion people , speaks some form of Chinese as their native language .
There are between 7 and 13 main regional groups of Chinese ( depending on classification scheme ) , of which the most spoken , by far , is Mandarin ( about 850 million ) , followed by Wu ( 90 million ) , Yue ( 70 million ) and Min ( 50 million ) .
Linguists are more confident of having reconstructed how Middle Chinese sounded .
The term is derived from Sinae , the Latin word for ancient China .
In parts of South China , a major city 's dialect may only be marginally intelligible to close neighbours .
Classical Chinese literature began in the Spring and Autumn period , although written records have been discovered as far back as the 14th to 11th centuries BCE Shang dynasty oracle bone s using the oracle bone script s. The Chinese orthography centers on Chinese characters , hanzi , which are written within imaginary rectangular blocks , traditionally arranged in vertical columns , read from top to bottom down a column , and right to left across columns .
The Tang land policy – the " Equal-field system " – claimed all lands as imperially owned , and were granted evenly to people according to the size of the households .
Having defeated the warlords in south and central China by military force , Chiang was able to secure the nominal allegiance of the warlords in the North .
The Cultural Revolution , motivated by power struggles within the Party and a fear of the Soviet Union , led to a major upheaval in Chinese society .
The Communist Party subsequently loosened governmental control over citizens ' personal lives and the communes were disbanded with many peasants receiving multiple land leases , which greatly increased incentives and agricultural production .
The first such degree to be awarded to a woman was granted by Cornell University to Nora Stanton Blatch in 1905 .
However , hunting continued to be a major source of food for the community .
From 1945 to 1948 , over 200 public Acts of Parliament were passed , with eight major pieces of legislation placed on the statute book in 1946 alone .
A Workers ’ Compensation ( Supplementation ) Act was passed in 1948 that introduced benefits for workers with certain asbestos-related diseases which had occurred before 1948 .
Edward the Second contains the following passage supporting homosexual relationships : Reputation among contemporary writers Whatever the particular focus of modern critics , biographers and novelists , for his contemporaries in the literary world , Marlowe was above all an admired and influential artist .
Chinese numerals are characters for writing number s in Chinese .
Today speakers of Chinese use three numeral system s : the Indian ( Arabic ) system used world-wide and two indigenous systems .
DuBridge , unlike his predecessors , welcomed federal funding of science .
The Dabney family , being Republicans , disowned Dabney House after hearing of the prank .
It is within walking distance of Old Town Pasadena and the Pasadena Playhouse District and therefore the two locations are frequent getaways for Caltech students .
The K – Pg extinction was a global event .
He smoked opium , and in Brussels he began to drink to excess .
He had a personality that fans liked to cheer or jeer .
Instead , the lute like vihuela appeared with two more strings that gave it more range and complexity .
Space Trilogy " novels The " Space Trilogy " ( also called the " Cosmic Trilogy " or " Ransom Trilogy " ) dealt with what Lewis saw as the de-humanising trends in contemporary science fiction .
Instead , people often see Confucian ethics as a complementary guideline for other ideologies and beliefs , including democracy , Marxism , capitalism , Christianity , Islam and Buddhism .
The Three Character Classic begins with " People at birth are naturally good ( kind-hearted ) " , which stems from Mencius ' idea .
The term " filial " ( meaning " of a child " ) characterizes the respect that a child should show to his parents .
In all other relationships , high reverence was usually held for elders .
The New Life Movement in the early 20th century was also influenced by Confucianism .
Attributes that are seen as religious — such as ancestor worship , ritual , and sacrifice — were advocated by Confucius as necessary for social harmony ; however , these attributes can be traced to the traditional non-Confucian Chinese beliefs of Chinese folk religion , and are also practiced by Daoists and Chinese Buddhists .
Legalism , in accordance with Han Fei 's interpretation , could encourage the state to be a militaristic autarky .
To the west of the Río Atrato rises the Serranía de Baudó , an isolated chain of low mountains that occupies a large part of the region .
International organization participation BCIE , CAN , CDB , CSN , FAO , G-3 , G-24 , G-77 , IADB , IAEA , IBRD , ICAO , ICC , ICCt , ITUC , ICRM , IDA , IFAD , IFC , IFRCS , IHO , ILO , IMF , IMO , Interpol , IOC , IOM , ISO , ITU , LAES , LAIA , Mercosur ( associate ) , MIGA , NAM , OAS , OPANAL , OPCW , PCA , RG , UN , UNCTAD , UNESCO , UNHCR , UNIDO , UPU , WCO , WFTU , WHO , WIPO , WMO , WToO , WTO External links
Colombia has a free market economy with major commercial and investment ties to the United States .
In 2002 there were 170 attacks on the 2nd largest pipeline , which travels 780 km from the Caño Limón to the Atlantic port of Coveñas .
The Muisca people had one of the most developed political systems in South America , surpassed only by the Incas .
Progress toward creating a stable investment climate was recognized when the Czech Republic to become the first post-communist country to receive an investment-grade credit rating by international credit institutions .
It is divided into two groups of the representatives ( Coreper II ) and their deputies ( Coreper I ) .
Canada 's centennial in 1967 is often seen as an important milestone in the history of Canadian patriotism , and in Canada 's maturing as a distinct , independent country , after which Dominion Day became more popular with average Canadians .
The large majority of women have the garden variety of coronary artery disease .
To supply the developing market , Cabot Corporation built a production plant in 1997 at the Tanco mine near Bernic Lake in Manitoba , with a capacity of per year of caesium formate solution .
Cardiff 's new status as the premier town in South Wales was confirmed when it was chosen as the site of the University College South Wales and Monmouthshire in 1893 .
jpg | thumb | left | The Senedd , seat of the Welsh Assembly , is located in the Cardiff Bay area . ] ]
The National Assembly for Wales has been based in Cardiff Bay since its formation in 1999 .
In the 2001 census 18.8 % of the city 's population stated they had no religion , while 8.6 % did not state a religion .
When complete , the ISV complex will provide Olympic standard facilities for sports including boxing and fencing , gymnastics , judo , white water events ( including canoeing and kayaking ) and wrestling as well as a snow dome with real snow for skiing and snowboarding , an Arena for public ice skating and ice hockey and an hotel .
This , along with scenes he had recently witnessed at the Field Lane Ragged School , caused Dickens to resolve to " strike a sledge hammer blow " for the poor .
The author worked closely with his illustrators , supplying them with a summary of the work at the outset and thus ensuring that his characters and settings were exactly how he envisioned them .
In the decade following his death in 1870 , a more intense degree of socially and philosophically pessimistic perspectives invested British fiction ; such themes stood in marked contrast to the religious faith that ultimately held together even the bleakest of Dickens 's novels .
Community of Christ , the former Reorganized Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints ( RLDS ) , is opposed to capital punishment .
The 12th century Jewish legal scholar , Maimonides said : Maimonides argued that executing a defendant on anything less than absolute certainty would lead to a slippery slope of decreasing burdens of proof , until we would be convicting merely " according to the judge 's caprice " .
Cyclic compounds with chalcogens , carbon group elements , and boron atoms exist , and occur from the reaction of boron dichalcogenates and carbon group metal halides .
In automobile air conditioning , in more than 90 % of all driving conditions for latitudes higher than 50 ° , R744 operates more efficiently than systems using R-134a .
Blackdamp is primarily nitrogen and carbon dioxide and kills via suffocation ( having displaced oxygen ) .
This carries the risk that unconsciousness may result before the need to breathe becomes overwhelming , which is why hyperventilation is particularly dangerous before free diving .
Neither Norm Peterson nor Cliff Clavin , regular customers of Cheers were featured ; later revisions added them as among the regular characters of the series .
Thus , CH3CN can be called methyl cyanide but more commonly is referred to as acetonitrile .
The cyanogen chloride formed couples pyridine with barbituric acid to form a strongly colored red dye that is proportional to the cyanide concentration .
The name may also mean an ester of carbonic acid , an organic compound containing the carbonate group C ( =O ) ( O – ) 2 .
Sodium carbonate ( " soda " or " pop " ) and potassium carbonate ( " kush " ) have been used since antiquity for cleaning and preservation , as well as for the manufacture of glass .
arising from the contact between both portions of the body on each side of S \ , \ !
In the Lagrangian description , the motion of a continuum body is expressed by the mapping function \ \ chi ( \ cdot ) ( Figure 2 ) , which is a mapping of the initial configuration \ kappa_0 ( \ mathcal B ) onto the current configuration \ kappa_t ( \ mathcal B ) , giving a geometrical correspondence between them , i.e. giving the position vector \ \ mathbf = x_i \ mathbf e_i that a particle \ X , with a position vector \ \ mathbf X in the undeformed or reference configuration \ kappa_0 ( \ mathcal B ) , will occupy in the current or deformed configuration \ kappa_t ( \ mathcal B ) at time \ t. The components \ x_i are called the spatial coordinates .
In this sense , the function \ chi ( \ cdot ) and \ P _ ( \ cdot ) are single-valued and continuous , with continuous derivatives with respect to space and time to whatever order is required , usually to the second or third .
The pattern holds up to a set of twelve : black , gray , white , pink , red , orange , yellow , green , blue , purple , brown , and azure ( distinct from blue in Russian and Italian , but not English ) .
Physical phenomenon A computation can be seen as a purely physical phenomenon occurring inside a closed physical system called a computer .
The charity Sustrans reports that investment in cycling provision can give a 20:1 return from health and other benefits .
Other notable disaccharides include maltose ( two D-glucoses linked α-1 ,4 ) and cellulobiose ( two D-glucoses linked β-1 ,4 ) .
Like all members , they are asked to donate a tithe of 10 percent of their income to the church .
In recent years , the Internet has provided a new forum for proponents and critics of religions , including the LDS Church .
The 3 laws of thermodynamics : Chemical energy Chemical energy is the potential of a chemical substance to undergo a transformation through a chemical reaction or to transform other chemical substances .
Specifically , Church President Ezra Taft Benson taught : At present , the Book of Mormon is studied in our Sunday School and seminary classes every fourth year .
This sudden increase in costs together with already high costs of living in Europe and other industrialized nations resulted in a steady decline in the number of missionaries able to pay for two full years of service .
The document was purchased by private collector Steven Christensen , but was still significantly publicized and even printed in the Church 's official magazine , the Ensign .
The team scored runs at a blistering pace , which enabled them to overcome the effects of a mediocre pitching staff , led by Mike Sirotka and James Baldwin .
In Game 3 , Orlando Hernández entered the game with the bases loaded and nobody out with the White Sox ahead by only one run in the bottom of the sixth inning .
Since the 1960s , applied ethics has revived the ideas of casuistry in applying ethical reasoning to particular cases in law , bioethics , and business ethics , so the reputation of casuistry is somewhat rehabilitated .
The National City Bank building was constructed in 1977 , as well as the Nationwide Plazas and other towers that sprouted during this period .
The address system begins its numbering at the intersection of Broad and High , with numbers increasing in magnitude with distance from Broad or High .
The Jazz and Rib Fest is a free downtown event held each July featuring jazz artists like Randy Weston , D. Bohannon Clark , and Wayne Shorter , along with rib vendors from around the country .
The show is considered by many to be the best in the Midwest — perhaps second only to New York for fashion weeks in the US .
The Bishop of Sodor and Man and the Bishop of Gibraltar in Europe are not eligible to sit in the House of Lords as their dioceses lie outside the United Kingdom .
The Canadian Pacific Railway ( CPR ) , formerly also known as CP Rail between 1968 and 1996 , is a historic Canadian Class I rail carrier founded in 1881 and now operated by Canadian Pacific Railway Limited ( , ) , which began operations as legal owner in a corporate restructuring in 2001 .
Headquartered in Calgary , Alberta , it owns approximately route miles of track all across Canada and into the United States , stretching from Montreal to Vancouver , and as far north as Edmonton .
They agreed to build the railway in exchange for $ 25 million ( approximately $ 625 million in modern Canadian dollars ) in credit from the Canadian government and a grant of 25 million acres ( 100,000 km2 ) of land .
The transaction is an " end-to-end " consolidation , and will give CPR access to United States shippers of agricultural products , ethanol , and coal .
On 29 June 2012 , Hunter Harrison , former President of CN Rail , was named President and CEO of Canadian Pacific .
Beginning 9 November 1953 , the CPR introduced Budd Rail Diesel Car s ( RDCs ) on many of its lines .
CP Ships was merged with Hapag-Lloyd in 2005 .
Because of their low mass , comet nuclei do not become spherical under their own gravity , and thus have irregular shapes .
While the solid nucleus of comets is generally less than across , the coma may be larger than the Sun , and ion tails have been observed to extend one astronomical unit ( 150 million km ) or more .
A comet is named after up to three independent discoverers .
The orchestra is composed by pandeiro , atabaque , berimbau-viola ( high pitch berimbau ) , chocalho , accompanied by singing and clapping .
Ongoing research aims to speed up similar reactions involving alkali carbonates .
Sir Charles Tupper , 1st Baronet , GCMG , CB , PC ( July 2 , 1821 – October 30 , 1915 ) was a Canadian father of Confederation : as the Premier of Nova Scotia from 1864 to 1867 , he led Nova Scotia into Confederation .
Later years as High Commissioner , 1888 – 1895 For Tupper 's work on the Joint Commission , Joseph Chamberlain arranged for Tupper to become a baronet of the United Kingdom , and the Tupper Baronetcy was created on September 13 , 1888 .
= = = Major coal producers = = = The reserve life is an estimate based only on current production levels and proved reserves level for the countries shown , and makes no assumptions of future production or even current production trends .
= = = Major coal consumers = = = Countries with annual consumption higher than xx million tonnes are shown .
Bearing the names of organs , they are , however , only secondarily tied to ( rudimentary ) anatomical assumptions ( the fǔ a little more , the zàng much less ) .
In a simplified view of an ionic bond , the bonding electron is not shared at all , but transferred .
A more practical , albeit less quantitative , approach was put forward in the same year by Walter Heitler and Fritz London .
For a molecule to be aromatic , it must obey Hückel 's rule , where the number of π electrons fit the formula 4n + 2 , where n is an integer .
Mayotte thus remains under French administration , and the Comorian Government has effective control over only Grande Comore , Anjouan , and Mohéli .
Colonel Azali Assoumani became president following a military coup in 1999 .
He is respectfully called " Ayatollah " by his supporters but is considered , and is , a moderate Islamist .
Autonomous islands The constitution gives Grande Comore , Anjouan and Mohéli the right to govern most of their own affairs with their own presidents , except the activities assigned to the Union of the Comoros like Foreign Policy , Defense , Nationality , Banking and others .
The version of C that it describes is commonly referred to as K&R C. The second edition of the book covers the later ANSI C standard .
For example , the conditional expression in if ( a = b +1 ) is true if a is not zero after the assignment .
Where possible , automatic or static allocation is usually simplest because the storage is managed by the compiler , freeing the programmer of the potentially error-prone chore of manually allocating and releasing storage .
Magic The game favors the use of magic in combat , as spells are the only weapons that work from a distance .
However , not all infinite sets have the same cardinality .
All isomers are 2-methylamino-1-phenyl-1-propanol in systematic nomenclature .
That is , the absolute stereochemistry of the product is determined on its own and not by considering which face it was attacked from .
Celibacy refers to a state of being unmarried and sexually abstinent , usually in association with the role of a religious official or devotee .
Others see the call to be sexually continent in Matthew 19 to be a caution for men who were too readily divorcing and remarrying .
Meanwhile , promoting chemical engineering as a distinct science in Britain lead to the establishment of the Institution of Chemical Engineers ( IChemE ) in 1922 .
This puts a fine point on the idea of taking " steps " in a space .
Governor Although not part of the Cursus Honorum , upon completing a term as either Praetor or Consul , an officer was required to serve a term as Propraetor and Proconsul , respectively , in one of Rome 's many provinces .
An older term for eleven is " six five , no jive " because it is a winning roll .
However , the odds bet can not be made independently , so the house retains an edge on the pass line bet itself .
Clausewitz had little influence on American military thought before 1945 , but influenced Karl Marx , Friedrich Engels , Vladimir Lenin and Mao Zedong , and thus the Communist and Soviet traditions , as Lenin emphasized the inevitability of wars among capitalist states in the age of imperialism and presented the armed struggle of the working class as the only path toward the eventual elimination of war .
( setf * x * 42.1 ) ; sets the variable * x * to the floating-point value 42.1 ; ; Define a function that squares a number : ( defun square ( x ) ( * x x ) ) ; ; Execute the function : ( square 3 ) ; Returns 9 ; ; the ' let ' construct creates a scope for local variables .
The reason is that the use of packages to solve capture problems revolves around the use of private symbols ( symbols in one package , which are not imported into , or otherwise made visible in other packages ) .
There are many implementations , and the standard details areas in which they may validly differ .
Common Lisp implementations may use any mix of native code compilation , byte code compilation or interpretation .
With Common Lisp incremental compilation is widely used .
Any Cauchy sequence with a modulus of Cauchy convergence is equivalent ( in the sense used to form the completion of a metric space ) to a regular Cauchy sequence ; this can be proved without using any form of the axiom of choice .
On October 31 , 2007 Umarov abolished the Chechen Republic of Ichkeria and its presidency and in its place proclaimed the Caucasian Emirate with himself as its Emir .
In the second half of the 18th century , Chernobyl became one of the major centers of Hasidic Judaism .
However , there is no known algorithm to find such a subset in polynomial time ( there is one , however , in exponential time , which consists of 2n-1 tries ) , and indeed such an algorithm can only exist if P = NP ; hence this problem is in NP ( quickly checkable ) but not necessarily in P ( quickly solvable ) .
Formal definitions for P and NP Conceptually a decision problem is a problem that takes as input some string w over an alphabet Σ , and outputs " yes " or " no " .
He based it on the conception of a triadic sign relation , and defined semiosis as " action , or influence , which is , or involves , a cooperation of three subjects , such as a sign , its object , and its interpretant , this tri-relative influence not being in any way resolvable into actions between pairs " .
3 .
Central America is an area of some 524,000 square kilometres .
El Salvador also became the headquarters of SICA in the inauguration of a new building .
He ordered his men to avoid Charybdis thus forcing them to pass near Scylla , which resulted in the death of six of his men .
See also the section " Coordination chemistry " below .
The oxidation state of carbon in carbon monoxide is +2 in each of these structures .
The compounds cyclohexanehexone or triquinoyl ( C6O6 ) and cyclopentanepentone or leuconic acid ( C5O5 ) , which so far have been obtained only in trace amounts , can be regarded as polymers of carbon monoxide .
He was born at Lugdunum in Gaul and was the first Roman Emperor to be born outside Italy .
Since the new Emperor was no more generous than the old , Claudius gave up hope of public office and retired to a scholarly , private life .
Caractacus lived out his days on land provided by the Roman state , an unusual end for an enemy commander .
Scramuzza , in his biography , suggests that Silius may have convinced Messalina that Claudius was doomed , and the union was her only hope of retaining rank and protecting her children .
His books were lost first , as their antiquarian subjects became unfashionable .
In mathematics , the Cantor set is a set of points lying on a single line segment that has a number of remarkable and deep properties .
It was discovered in 1874 by Henry John Stephen Smith and introduced by German mathematician Georg Cantor in 1883 .
The number 1/4 , for example , is in the bottom third , so it is not removed at the first step , and is in the top third of the bottom third , and is in the bottom third of that , and in the top third of that , and so on ad infinitum — alternating between top and bottom thirds .
Naming this cardinal number \ aleph_0 , aleph-null , Cantor proved that any unbounded subset of N has the same cardinality as N , even if this might appear at first glance to run contrary to intuition .
By the Schroeder-Bernstein theorem , this is equivalent to there being '' both '' a one-to-one mapping from '' X '' to '' Y '' '' and '' a one-to-one mapping from '' Y '' to '' X '' .
= = = Cardinal addition = = = If '' X '' and '' Y '' are disjoint , addition is given by the union of '' X '' and '' Y '' .
Another characterization may preserve the rule that deleting an element makes the set smaller , but break another rule .
DeMille claimed he wrote the play and that Belasco had plagiarized DeMille 's work without compensation .
Death During on-location filming in Egypt of the Exodus sequence for 1956 's The Ten Commandments , the then-75-year-old DeMille climbed a 107-foot ladder to the top of the massive Per Rameses set and suffered a near-fatal heart attack .
Ingredients The following is a partial list of ingredients used in Cajun cuisine and some of the staple ingredients of the Acadian food culture .
Cologne is located on both sides of the Rhine River .
His earliest American ancestor , John Coolidge , emigrated from Cottenham , Cambridgeshire , England , around 1630 and settled in Watertown , Massachusetts .
Coolidge campaigned locally for Republican presidential candidate William McKinley in 1896 , and the next year he was selected to be a member of the Republican City Committee .
Basic concept A self-replicating machine would need to have the capacity to gather energy and raw material s , process the raw materials into finished components , and then assemble them into a copy of itself .
opened for signature - 29 April 1958entered into force - 20 March 1966parties - ( 39 ) Australia , Belgium , Bosnia and Herzegovina , Burkina Faso , Cambodia , Colombia , Republic of the Congo , Denmark , Dominican Republic , Fiji , Finland , France , Haiti , Indonesia , Jamaica , Kenya , Lesotho , Madagascar , Malawi , Malaysia , Mauritius , Mexico , Netherlands , Nigeria , Portugal , Senegal , Serbia , Sierra Leone , Solomon Islands , South Africa , Spain , Switzerland , Thailand , Tonga , Trinidad and Tobago , Uganda , United Kingdom , United States , Venezuela countries that have signed , but not yet ratified - ( 20 ) Afghanistan , Argentina , Bolivia , Canada , Costa Rica , Cuba , Ghana , Iceland , Iran , Ireland , Israel , Lebanon , Liberia , Nepal , New Zealand , Pakistan , Panama , Sri Lanka , Tunisia , Uruguay Source : See also External links
As of 2013 the demand was massive and had expanded to include thousands of species previously considered unremarkable and in no danger of extinction such as manta ray s or pangolin s. Ratifications The text of the Convention was finalized at a meeting of representatives of 80 countries in Washington , D.C. , United States , on 3 March 1973 .
It can also be carried by ion s in an electrolyte , or by both ions and electrons such as in a plasma .
The I symbol was used by André-Marie Ampère , after whom the unit of electric current is named , in formulating the eponymous Ampère 's force law which he discovered in 1820 .
He presented the first version in 1984 .
Searle writes " syntax is insufficient for semantics . "
Also , many sources credit Alfonso owing to his influence on other works within the poetic tradition , including his introduction on religious song .
He later said of that order : Some parts , sanitised as to their original use , were taken to Newman 's Royal Society Computing Machine Laboratory at Manchester University .
This model , termed the exomembrane hypothesis , suggests that the nucleus instead originated from a single ancestral cell that evolved a second exterior cell membrane ; the interior membrane enclosing the original cell then became the nuclear membrane and evolved increasingly elaborate pore structures for passage of internally synthesized cellular components such as ribosomal subunits .
Although many parents around the world routinely teach their children about Santa Claus and other gift bringers , some have come to reject this practice , considering it deceptive .
Largely due to his pessimism about the state of German scholarship , Menger resigned his professorship in 1903 to concentrate on study .
The following articles discuss the development of major early civilizations .
A chemical reaction is a process that leads to the transformation of one set of chemical substance s to another .
Classically , chemical reactions encompass changes that only involve the positions of electrons in the forming and breaking of chemical bond s between atom s , with no change to the nuclei ( no change to the elements present ) , and can often be described by a chemical equation .
Cycloaddition is usually assisted by light or heat .
Robertian Family Branches Capetians through history Over the succeeding centuries , Capetians spread throughout Europe , ruling every form of provincial unit from kingdoms to manor s. Salic Law Salic Law , reestablished during the Hundred Years ' War from an ancient Frankish tradition , caused the French monarchy to permit only male ( agnatic ) descendants of Hugh to succeed to the throne of France .
The easiest way to identify these " inter-city " services is that they tend to operate as express services - only linking the main stations in the cities they link , not stopping at any other stations .
The high rank and dignity which the censorship obtained was due to the various important duties gradually entrusted to it , and especially to its possessing the regimen morum , or general control over the conduct and the morals of the citizens .
During the civil wars which followed soon afterwards , no censors were elected ; it was only after a long interval that they were again appointed , namely in 22 BC , when Augustus caused Lucius Munatius Plancus and Aemilius Lepidus Paullus to fill the office .
Continuing a practice started by the Ayyubids , much of the land occupied by former Fatimid palaces was sold and replaced by newer buildings .
Cairene merchants were instrumental in bringing goods to the barren Hejaz , especially during the annual hajj to Mecca .
The University now operates under a 1787 charter that places the institution under a private board of trustees , and in 1896 it was further renamed Columbia University .
The Loyalists , led by Bishop Charles Inglis fled to Windsor , Nova Scotia , where they founded what is now the University of King 's College .
Columbia has been rated " B + " by the 2011 College Sustainability Report Card for its environmental and sustainability initiatives .
Many philosophies and worldview s have a set of classical elements believed to reflect the simplest essential parts and principles of which anything consists or upon which the constitution and fundamental powers of anything are based .
Most frequently , classical elements refer to ancient beliefs inspired by natural observation of the phases of matter ; with the classical elements : earth is equivalent to solid , water is equivalent to liquid , air is eqivalent to gas and fire is equivalent to plasma .
The Wu Xing are chiefly an ancient mnemonic device for systems with five stages ; hence the preferred translation of " movements " , " phases " or " steps " over " elements . "
GIF . )
Earth is one of the classical elements , in some systems numbering four along with air , fire , and water .
European tradition Earth is one of the four classical element s in ancient Greek philosophy and science .
The first programme to air on the channel was the teatime game show Countdown , at 16:45 produced by Yorkshire Television ; it is still running as of 2012 .
Later , US naval policy was changed so that after events of such psychological trauma , the crew would be dispersed to new assignments .
Techniques by separation mechanism Ion exchange chromatography Ion exchange chromatography ( usually referred to as ion chromatography ) uses an ion exchange mechanism to separate analytes based on their respective charges .
Meinhof did this in spite of earlier work by scholars such as Lepsius and Johnston demonstrating that the languages which he would later dub " Nilo-Hamitic " were in fact Nilotic languages with numerous similarities in vocabulary with other Nilotic languages .
It therefore includes words such as mukluk , Canuck , bluff and grow op , but does not list common core words such as desk , table or car .
Irish First Class , Second Class and so on . ) .
The term Canuck simply means Canadian in its demonym ic form , and , as a term used even by Canadians themselves , it is not considered derogatory .
Trade names Chloramphenicol has a long history and therefore a multitude of trade names in many different countries : References Further reading External links
Of these , the brightest is Messier 77 ( NGC 1068 ) , a 9th magnitude spiral galaxy near Delta Ceti .
Among some amateur astronomers , NGC 246 has garnered the nickname " Pac-Man Nebula " because of the arrangement of its central stars and the surrounding star field .
Notable features Stars Carina contains Canopus , a white-hued supergiant that is the second brightest star in the night sky at magnitude − 0.72 , 313 light-years from Earth .
The primary is of magnitude 3.0 and the secondary is of magnitude 6.0 ; the two components are distinguishable in a small amateur telescope .
Mu is a yellow-hued giant star of magnitude 5.0 , 900 light-years away .
Covering 183 square degrees , Canis Minor ranks seventy-first of the 88 constellations in size .
This being was depicted in two major forms : firstly , as a 4-legged bison with a human head , and secondly , as a being with a man 's head and torso attached to the rear legs and tail of a bull or bison .
The other six stars are Theta , Beta , Gamma , Delta , Epsilon , and Iota Coronae Borealis .
Corona Australid meteors have an entry velocity of 45 kilometers per second .
GUR was one of the fifteen " stars of Ea " .
The chest tomb in the chancel is believed to contain the remains of Sir Thomas Cheddar and is dated 1442 .
Construction Materials Clarinet bodies have been made from a variety of materials including wood , plastic , hard rubber , metal , resin , and ivory .
In the Republic of Macedonia , old-town folk music - called chalgija ( " чалгија " ) , the clarinet has the most important role in wedding music ; clarinet solos mark the high point of dancing euphoria .
There have also been soprano clarinets in C , A , and B with curved barrels and bells marketed under the names saxonette , claribel , and clariphon .
It appears in a telescope at about the same apparent size as Jupiter .
In the presence of cholesterol , SREBP is bound to two other proteins : SCAP ( SREBP-cleavage-activating protein ) and Insig1 .
Eventually , complete proof came from chromosome maps in Morgan 's own lab .
Other organisms have more than two copies of their chromosomes , such as bread wheat , which is hexaploid and has six copies of seven different chromosomes – 42 chromosomes in total .
As of 2006 , its population was 75,861 .
Second World War In the Second World War , the zoologist Hugh Cott , a protégé of Kerr , worked to persuade the British army to use more effective camouflage techniques , including countershading , but , like Kerr and Thayer in the First World War , with limited success .
An ideal clock would give the time to unlimited accuracy , but this is of course not realisable .
Charles Proteus Steinmetz ( April 9 , 1865 in Wrocław – October 26 , 1923 ) was a mathematician and electrical engineer .
He fostered the development of alternating current that made possible the expansion of the electric power industry in the United States , formulating mathematical theories for engineers .
In foreign wars , Martel subjugated Bavaria , Alemannia , and Frisia , vanquished the pagan Saxons , and halted the Islamic advance into Western Europe at the Battle of Tours .
He chased the fleeing king and mayor to Paris , before turning back to deal with Plectrude and Cologne .
To be elected the First Reader in one 's branch church is one of the highest and most important positions the lay Christian Scientist may aspire to .
Other major arteries in the state include U.S. Route 7 in the west running parallel to the NY border , State Route 8 farther east near the industrial city of Waterbury and running north-south along the Naugatuck River Valley nearly parallel with U.S. 7 , and State Route 9 in the east .
Voting In April 2012 both houses of the Connecticut state legislature passed a bill ( 20 to 16 and 86 to 62 ) that abolished the capital punishment for all future crimes , while 11 inmates who were waiting on the death row at the time could still be executed .
PGAThe state hosts several major sporting events .
There are numerous other terms coined in print , but not in use , such as : " Connecticotian " – Cotton Mather in 1702 . "
In Lombardy , San Colombano al Lambro in Milan , San Colombano Belmonte in Turin , and San Colombano Certénoli in Genoa all take their names from the saint .
Such actions are used as leverage , to force the victim to act in a way contrary to their own interests .
Friction clutches Friction clutches are by far the most well-known type of clutches .
See also Notes References Further reading External links
The frightened and respectful chorus are unable to comprehend her .
Celery salt is used as a seasoning , in cocktails ( notably to enhance the flavour of Bloody Mary cocktails ) , on the Chicago-style hot dog , and in Old Bay Seasoning .
In 1989 , he received the U.S. National Medal of Arts and an honorary doctorate from Harvard University .
The Celts ( usually pronounced but sometimes , see pronunciation of Celtic ) or Kelts were an ethno-linguistic group of tribal societies in Iron Age and Medieval Europe who spoke Celtic languages and had a similar culture , although the relationship between the ethnic , linguistic and cultural elements remains uncertain and controversial .
The earliest archaeological culture that may justifiably be considered as Proto-Celtic is the Late Bronze Age Urnfield culture of central Europe from the last quarter of the second millennium BC .
Manumissions were discouraged by law and the word for " female slave " , cumal , was used as a general unit of value in Ireland .
Claude Monet ( ) ( 14 November 1840 5 December 1926 ) was a founder of French impressionist painting , and the most consistent and prolific practitioner of the movement 's philosophy of expressing one 's perceptions before nature , especially as applied to plein-air landscape painting .
The term Impressionism is derived from the title of his painting Impression , Sunrise ( Impression , soleil levant ) .
The Walters Art Museum , Baltimore .
The control unit receives external instructions or commands which it converts into a sequence of control signals that the control unit applies to the data path to implement a sequence of register-transfer level operations .
It can be much easier to show a proposition 's truth to follow from another proposition than to prove it independently .
Henri Hubert states " All these names are Celtic , and they can not be anything else " .
A 2006 study conducted by Bizjournal determined that Browns fans are the most loyal fans in the NFL .
A reconstruction of Brâncuși 's onetime studio in Paris is open to the public .
Cadillac ( ) is a city in the U.S. state of Michigan and is the county seat of Wexford County .
The population was 10,355 at the 2010 census .
In fact , Cadillac was chosen in 1988 to donate the Holiday tree to sit on the lawn of the U.S. Capitol building in Washington D.C. .
A particular target was the Poor People 's Campaign , a national effort organized by King and the SCLC to occupy Washington , D.C. .
Several authors have accused the FBI of continuing to deploy COINTELPRO-like tactics against radical groups after the official COINTELPRO operations were ended .
IsraelThe Israeli Defense Forces reportedly deploy the medium-range air-launched Popeye Turbo ALCM and the Popeye Turbo SLCM medium-long range cruise missile with nuclear warheads on Dolphin class submarine s. Efficiency in modern warfare Currently cruise missiles are among the most expensive of single-use weapons , up to several million dollars apiece .
Guns are subject to strict regulation from the Greek government , and in recent years a great deal of effort to control firearms in Crete has been placed by the Greek Police .
Excavated sites include Saliagos and Kephala ( on Keos ) with signs of copper-working , Each of the small Cycladic islands could support no more than a few thousand people , though Late Cycladic boat models show that fifty oarsmen could be assembled from the scattered communities ( Rutter ) , and when the highly organized palace-culture of Crete arose , the islands faded into insignificance , with the exception of Delos , which retained its archaic reputation as a sanctuary throughout antiquity and until the emergence of Christianity .
Another dish is Kulma , or " Mindanao beef . "
Many curry recipes are contained in 19th century cookbooks such as those of Charles Elmé Francatelli and Mrs Beeton .
Besides the previously mentioned spices , other commonly found spices in different curry powders in India are allspice , white pepper , ground mustard , ground ginger , cinnamon , roasted cumin , cloves , nutmeg , mace , green cardamom seeds or black cardamom pods , bay leaves and coriander seeds .
Evolution The earliest known camel , called Protylopus , lived in North America 40 to 50 million years ago ( during the Eocene ) .
Rivals Divisional rivals Green Bay Packers The Green Bay Packers are one of the Bears ' biggest rivals since their team 's inception in 1920 .
Many critics have negative views of the new stadium .
The sketch featured Cheers co-star George Wendt , a Chicago native , as host of a radio talk-show ( similar in tone to WGN radio 's " The Sportswriters " ) , with co-panelists Carl Wollarski ( Robert Smigel ) , Pat Arnold ( Mike Myers ) and Todd O'Connor ( Chris Farley ) .
For about inland from its mouth , the river is virtually at sea level .
If Magus joined the party , he departs to search for Schala .
Locomotion Medusae swim by a form of jet propulsion : muscles , especially inside the rim of the bell , squeeze water out of the cavity inside the bell , and the springiness of the mesoglea powers the recovery stroke .
The author achieves this goal by combining his sharp wit with a fun parody of the classic adventure-romance plot .
For instance , a disk drive controller would signal the CPU that new data was ready to be read , at which point the CPU would move the data by reading the " memory location " that corresponded to the disk drive .
Second generation " Second generation " bus systems like NuBus addressed some of these problems .
September 11 attacks Cantor Fitzgerald 's corporate headquarters and New York City office , on the 101st-105th floors of One World Trade Center in Lower Manhattan ( 2-6 floors above the impact zone of a hijacked airliner ) , were destroyed during the September 11 , 2001 attacks .
In Florida , the toad is a regarded as a threat to both native species and to pets , so much so , the Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission recommends residents euthanize them .
Competitive games will usually end once the losing team has " run out of rocks " — that is , once it has fewer stones in play and/or available for play than the number of points needed to tie the game in the final end .
It holds home supporters of which a lot are season ticket holders and is located opposite the Riverside Stand , with the Putney End and the Cottage to its left , and the Hammersmith end to the right .
City authorities tried to find an ordinance forbidding it , to the joy of the crowd , they were unsuccessful .
Without a long reliever or emergency starter on the playoff roster , Hargrove started both Bartolo Colón and Charles Nagy in games four and five on only three days rest .
In the actual city of Cape Town , there is a higher percentage of white people .
Cape Town metered taxi cabs mostly operate in the city bowl , suburbs and Cape Town International Airport areas .
The club struggled and suffered more key injuries , only managing to win 79 games after being picked by many to be a serious contender for the N.L. pennant .
Some sites are major FTP servers which mirror lots of other software , but others are simply servers owned by companies that use Perl heavily .
The first cement to consistently contain alite was made by Joseph Aspdin 's son William in the early 1840s .
The ploy worked , and the American Association was officially formed at the Hotel Gibson in Cincinnati with the new Reds a charter member with Thorner as president .
In , the Reds under new manager Lou Piniella shocked baseball by leading the NL West from wire-to-wire .
With Johnson steering the team , the Reds made steady progress upward .
Joining him for years on color was former Reds pitcher Joe Nuxhall , who worked in the radio booth from 1967 ( the year after his retirement as an active player ) until 2004 , plus three more seasons doing select home games until his death , in 2007 .
Smith addressed the motivation for economic activity , the causes of prices and the distribution of wealth , and the policies the state should follow in order to maximise wealth .
Fully domesticated house cats also often interbreed with feral F. catus populations .
When it overpowers its prey , a cat delivers a lethal neck bite with its two long canine teeth , inserting them between two of the prey 's vertebrae and severing its spinal cord , causing irreversible paralysis and death .
As von Salza initially hesitated to offer his services , Christian created the military Order of Dobrzyń ( Fratres Milites Christi ) in 1228 , however to little avail .
That same day , Coca-Cola announced the 12.5-ounce bottle , to sell for 89 cents .
of Division 3 ) .
Cofinality of ordinals and other well-ordered sets The cofinality of an ordinal α is the smallest ordinal δ which is the order type of a cofinal subset of α .
The term " tower " is also used in some cases such as the Tower of London and Jerusalem 's ( misnamed ) Tower of David .
Eventually with the rise of the lanced cavalry charge , impact warfare , and high-powered crossbows , mail came to be used as a secondary armour to plate for the mounted nobility .
One is the Torah/Mosaic Law ( from what Christians consider to be the Old Testament ) also called Divine Law or Biblical law .
Yellowstone coyotes have had to shift their territories as a result , moving from open meadows to steep terrain .
Conan the Conqueror ( cancelled ) The third film in the Conan trilogy was planned for 1987 to be titled Conan the Conqueror .
In the late 1970s , Marker traveled extensively throughout the world , included an extended period in Japan .
Chief executive authority is invested in a city manager , who oversees the day-to-day operations of government .
Jason 's character , Harry , is revealed to be a Charlton Athletic fan .
Barata Ribeiro Street changes its name to Raul Pompéia Street after the Sá Freire Alvim Tunnel .
The award was first introduced in 1956 by Baseball Commissioner Ford Frick in honor of Hall of Fame pitcher Cy Young , who died in 1955 .
The Brooklyn/Los Angeles Dodgers have won more than any other team with 10 .
On 3 December 2007 , the MoD announced a contract for a sixth C-17 , which was received on 11 June 2008 .
It had followed a pattern similar to the German Air Force in leasing Antonov s and Ilyushin s for many of its needs , including deploying the Disaster Assistance Response Team ( DART ) to tsunami-stricken Sri Lanka in 2005 .
Copying vs. mark-and-sweep vs. mark-and-don ' t-sweep To further refine the distinction , tracing collectors can also be divided by considering how the three sets of objects ( white , grey , and black ) are maintained during a collection cycle .
Pliocene epoch During the Pliocene , around 4-5 Mya , Canis lepophagus appeared in North America .
Central Asia is the core region of the Asia n continent and stretches from the Caspian Sea in the west to China in the east and from Afghanistan in the south to Russia in the north .
It is also sometimes referred to as Middle Asia , and , colloquially , " the ' stans " ( as the five countries generally considered to be within the region all have names ending with the Persian suffix " - stan " , meaning " land of " ) and is within the scope of the wider Eurasia n continent .
However , on account of the immediate Sassanid threat , Constantius was unable to directly respond to his cousin ’s usurpation , other than by sending missives in which he tried to convince Julian to resign the title of Augustus and be satisfied with that of Caesar .
After a time he had withdrawn to Antioch to regroup and prepare for a confrontation with Shapur II .
The Cottingley Fairies appear in a series of five photographs taken by Elsie Wright and Frances Griffiths , two young cousins who lived in Cottingley , near Bradford in England .
In 1917 , when the first two photographs were taken , Elsie was 16 years old and Frances was 10 .
Cheka ( ЧК - чрезвыча́йная коми́ссия chrezvychaynaya komissiya , Emergency Commission , ) was the first of a succession of Soviet state security organizations .
It was created on December 20 , 1917 , after a decree issued by Vladimir Lenin , and was subsequently led by aristocrat - turned - communist Felix Dzerzhinsky .
On December 5 , the Petrograd VRK published an announcement of dissolution and transferred the functions to the department of TsIK to the fight against " counterrevolutionaries " .
By 1921 , it changed once again , forming the following sections : directory of affairs , administrative-organizational , secretly operative , economical , and foreign affairs .
The term " postlexical clitic " is used for this narrower sense of the term .
In formal language theory , a context-free grammar ( CFG ) is a formal grammar in which every production rule is of the form where V is a single nonterminal symbol , and w is a string of terminal s and/or nonterminals ( w can be empty ) .
As a matter of fact , they are , in the sense that the string finally generated is always the same .
A derivation is fully determined by giving , for each step : For clarity , the intermediate string is usually given as well .
Cryonics organizations use cryoprotectant s to reduce this damage .
One could then unplug the C64 itself from the drives ( i.e. from the first drive in the daisy chain ) and do something else with the computer as the drives proceeded to copy the entire disk .
College athletes , unlike players in the NFL , are not permitted by the NCAA to be paid salaries .
Many escapees from captivity can also be found in similar watery habitats around the world .
These hierarchies are established early in life among the young with play fights and mock copulations .
Ceawlin is also named as one of the eight " bretwalda s " , a title given in the Chronicle to eight rulers who had overlordship over southern Britain , although the extent of Ceawlin 's control is not known .
Ceawlin 's eclipse in 592 , probably by Ceol , may have been the occasion for Æthelberht to rise to prominence ; Æthelberht very likely was the dominant Anglo-Saxon king by 597 .
Physically , there is no difference between the discs save for the Disc Application Flag that identifies their type : standalone audio recorders will only accept " music " CD-Rs to enforce the RIAA arrangement , while computer CD-R drives can use either type of media to burn either type of content .
United Kingdom Citizenship is offered as a General Certificate of Secondary Education ( GCSE ) course in many schools in the United Kingdom .
Intermixing of the races was prohibited by colonial law but by the end of the 17th century there was a significant mestizo population .
The State of Chiapas was officially declared in 1824 , with its first constitution in 1826 .
In 1960 , Samuel Ruiz became the bishop of the Diocese of Chiapas , centered in San Cristóbal .
From November to January , the annual crop is harvested and processed employing thousands of seasonal workers .
These haciendas provide visitors with the opportunity to see how coffee is grown and initially processed on these farms .
These are used for domestic flights with the airports in Palenque and Tapachula providing international service into Guatemala .
The Chrysler family sold the building in 1953 to William Zeckendorf , and in 1957 it was purchased by real-estate moguls Sol Goldman and Alex DiLorenzo , and owned by Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company .
004 CONFIGURATION SECTION .
These capacitors are biased above the threshold for inversion when image acquisition begins , allowing the conversion of incoming photon s into electron charges at the semiconductor-oxide interface ; the CCD is then used to read out these charges .
These advances in low-light detection lead to an effective total background noise of 0.001 electrons per pixel read , a noise floor unmatched by any other low-light imaging device .
The CDC is the United States ' national public health institute and is a founding member of the International Association of National Public Health Institutes .
Offices were located on the sixth floor of the Volunteer Building on Peachtree Street .
In 1946 , there were only seven medical officers on duty and an early organization chart was drawn , somewhat fancifully , in the shape of a mosquito .
However , later the Romans would successfully adapt such heavy armor and cavalry tactics by creating their own units of cataphracts and clibanarii .
The British and French armies dismounted many of their cavalry regiments and used them in infantry and other roles : the Life Guards for example spent the last months of the War as a machine gun corps ; and the Australian Light Horse served as light infantry during the Gallipoli campaign .
There was a general reduction in the number of cavalry regiments in the British , French , Italian and other Western armies but it was still argued with conviction ( for example in the 1922 edition of the Encyclopædia Britannica ) that mounted troops had a major role to play in future warfare .
This new line ( currently the LGV Perpignan - Figueres Vilafant ) passes through Girona and Figueres with a tunnel through the Pyrenees .
jpg | Satellite view of Catalonia Image : Llívia flors .
Sagan was also known for his popularization of science , his efforts to increase scientific understanding among the general public , and his positions in favor of scientific skepticism and against pseudoscience , such as his debunking of the Betty and Barney Hill abduction .
To mark the tenth anniversary of Sagan 's death , David Morrison , a former student of Sagan , recalled " Sagan 's immense contributions to planetary research , the public understanding of science , and the skeptical movement " in Skeptical Inquirer .
The name was only used internally , but Sagan was concerned that it would become a product endorsement and sent Apple a cease-and-desist letter .
These preparations were noticed and on 14 October , a US U-2 aircraft took several pictures clearly showing sites for medium-range and intermediate-range ballistic nuclear missiles ( MRBMs and IRBMs ) under construction .
Defensive missiles could make these turns .
Two days later , on the morning of October 25 , journalist Walter Lippmann proposed the same thing in his syndicated column .
Reactions studied by the CRESU technique typically have no significant activation energy barrier .
Gail 's son David Platt ( Jack P. Shepherd ) became increasingly unbalanced , with various plots and schemes .
The video depicts Mercury as a housewife , loosely based on Bet Lynch , who wants to " break free " from his life .
Chiang later sent his eldest son , Ching-kuo , to study in Russia .
This so-called " register name " ( 譜名 ) is the one under which his extended relatives knew him , and the one he used in formal occasions , such as when he got married .
The clergy urged Paschal to rescind his agreement , which he did in 1112 .
This was the result of the Charter of Liberties , 1100 , and the agreement at Bec in 1107 .
In 1986 , Doug Lenat estimated the effort to complete Cyc would be 250,000 rules and 350 man-year s of effort .
Her father , unable to bear the grief of his loss , and feeling adrift in a foreign country , returned to his native France for 16 years , with only one visit back to Philadelphia .
The clash of Henri and William Merritt Chase ( representing Beaux and the traditional art establishment ) resulted in 1907 in the independent exhibition by the urban realists known as " The Eight " or the Ashcan School .
Beaux was crippled after breaking her hip while walking in Paris in 1924 .
On June 10 , 2009 Chrysler emerged from the bankruptcy proceedings with the United Auto Workers pension fund , Fiat , and the U.S. and Canadian governments as principal owners .
Over 500 bank s have offices in the City , and the City is an established leader in trading in Eurobond s , foreign exchange , energy futures and global insurance .
In the east of the City is Leadenhall Market , a fresh food market that is also a visitor attraction .
Studies suggest that knowledge of its existence and anatomy is scant in comparison to that of other sexual organs , and that more education about it could help alleviate social stigma s associated with the female body and female sexual pleasure ; for example , that the clitoris and vulva in general are visually unappealing , that female masturbation is taboo , or that men should be expected to master and control women 's orgasms .
In their 2009 published study , the " coronal planes during perineal contraction and finger penetration demonstrated a close relationship between the root of the clitoris and the anterior vaginal wall " .
The ancient Greeks , ancient Romans , and Greek and Roman generations up to and throughout the Renaissance , were aware that male and female sex organs are anatomically similar , but prominent anatomists , notably Galen ( 129 AD – 200 AD ) and Vesalius ( 1514 – 1564 ) , regarded the vagina as the structural equivalent of the penis , except for being inverted .
In 1933 , Chicago Mayor Anton Cermak was fatally wounded in Miami , Florida during a failed assassination attempt on President-elect Franklin D. Roosevelt .
Chicago offers Broadway-style entertainment at theaters such as Broadway In Chicago 's Ford Center for the Performing Arts Oriental Theatre , Broadway In Chicago 's Bank of America Theatre , Broadway In Chicago 's Cadillac Palace Theatre , Auditorium Building of Roosevelt University , and Broadway In Chicago 's Broadway Playhouse at Water Tower Place .
Also , an outdoor restaurant transforms into an ice rink in the winter season .
Its tall Ferris wheel is one of the most visited landmarks in the Midwest , attracting about 8 million people annually .
The Chicago Metropolitan Area also includes adherents of Judaism , Islam , Buddhism , Hinduism , Jainism , Sikhism , and the Bahá ' í , among others .
In northern Illinois , ComEd ( a division of Exelon ) operates the greatest number of nuclear generating plants in any US state .
Instructions and a questionnaire , issued in 1577 by the Office of the Cronista Mayor , were distributed to local officials in the Viceroyalties of New Spain and Peru to direct the gathering of information .
Principal settlements Bath , Cheltenham , Dursley , Gloucester , and Stroud are larger urban centres that border on , or are virtually surrounded by , the Cotswold AONB .
Indian Yogic teachings assign to the seven major chakras specific qualities , such as color of influence ( from the 7 rays of spectrum light ) , elements ( such as earth , air , water & ether ) , body sense ( such as touch , taste , and smell ) , and relation to an endocrine gland .
Her father then sets out with Laura in a carriage for the ruined village of Karnstein .
Neil Finn and his brother Tim recorded songs they had co-written for their own album , Finn .
Seymour agreed and the two joined up with producer and multi-instrumentalist Ethan Johns to begin recording .
When creating the murals Alston was inspired by the work of Aaron Douglas , who a year earlier had created the public art piece Aspects of Negro Life for the New York Public Library , and researched traditional African culture , including traditional African medicine .
In the field of numerical analysis , the condition number of a function with respect to an argument measures how much the output value of the function can change for a small change in the input argument .
This is used to measure how sensitive a function is to changes or errors in the input , and how much error in the output results from an error in the input .
United Kingdom Only one producer of the cheese is now based in Cheddar itself , The Cheddar Gorge Cheese Co. .
Nonce orders Several orders , usually based upon the composite order and only varying in the design of the capitals , have been invented under the inspiration of specific occasions , but have not been used again .
Cathode ray tube s ( CRTs ) use a focused beam of electrons deflected by electric or magnetic fields to create the image in a classic television set .
jpg | Pistol crossbow for home recreational shooting .
He claimed to be a faithful follower of Cyril 's teaching , which was declared orthodox in the Union of 433 [ an error : the union involved no formal statement on Cyril 's orthodoxy ] .
If the offensive team completes 10 yards on their first play , they lose the other two downs and are granted another set of three .
A day is divided into 13 parts : starting from the second half of Zi-seizsaenz ( 下子时 , 0 ~ 1 ) , Chou-seizsaenz ( 丑时 , 1 ~ 3 ) , Yin-seizsaenz ( 寅时 , 3 ~ 5 ) , Mao-seizsaenz ( 卯时 , 5 ~ 7 ) , Chen-seizsaenz ( 辰时 , 7 ~ 9 ) , Si-seizsaenz ( 巳时 , 9 ~ 11 ) , Wu-seizsaenz ( 午时 , 11 ~ 13 ) , Wei-seizsaenz ( 未时 , 13 ~ 15 ) , Shen-seizsaenz ( 申时 , 15 ~ 17 ) , You-seizsaenz ( 酉时 , 17 ~ 19 ) , Xu-seizsaenz ( 戌时 , 19 ~ 21 ) , Hai-seizsaenz ( 亥时 , 21 ~ 23 ) , and First half of Zi-seizsaenz ( 上子时 , 23 ~ 24 ) .
Chipmunks mostly forage on the ground , but they climb trees to obtain nuts such as hazelnut s and acorn s. At the beginning of autumn , many species of chipmunk begin to stockpile nonperishable foods for winter .
Statistical approaches are used to capture the redundancies in terms of pattern dictionaries or repetitions , which are later recombined to generate new musical data .
Implementations The first system implementing interactive machine improvisation by means of Markov models and style modeling techniques is the Continuator , developed by François Pachet at Sony CSL Paris in 2002 based on work on non-real time style modeling .
A generation that you represent , and you 're coming together to share ; to debate ; to decide ; to connect with each other . "
This is just a possibility , and Berman wrote that scientists are still not convinced of any one explanation .
In Angiosperm plants , the last step , conversion of protochlorophyllide to chlorophyll , is light-dependent and such plants are pale ( etiolated ) if grown in the darkness .
It is approved for use as a food additive in the EU ( listed as additive E160a ) Australia and New Zealand ( listed as 160a ) and the USA .
The phosphorylated proteins may act directly on the cell 's ion channels , or may become activated or inhibited enzymes .
And anyone who stands out at all from the crowd tends to be praised to the skies and given the Order of Canada at once . "
Many in the United States believe that the typical Canadian is more polite than his or her American counterpart .
A poet friend of the artist later gave 18 July as the date of death , and a recent researcher claims to have discovered a death notice showing that the artist died on that day of a fever in Porto Ercole , near Grosseto in Tuscany .
The song was also a No. 1 hit for former Australian Idol contestant Cosima De Vito in 2004 and was also performed by Bobby Flynn during that show 's 2006 season . "
In 2003 , the band re-grouped once more for the " Ringside " tour and in 2005 again reunited to perform at a benefit for the victims of the Boxing Day tsunami at the Myer Music Bowl in Melbourne .
They were not about to go to war with the U.S. to acquire more cotton at the risk of losing the large quantities of food imported from the North .
Confederate military policy innovated to compensate .
svg | 1st National Flag [ 7 - , 11 - , 13-stars ] " Stars and Bars " File : Second national flag of the Confederate States of America .
( Its design and shape matches the Naval Jack , but the blue bars are darker . )
Assessment of that quality shows that it differs greatly from one commercial product to another .
Coverage criteria To measure how well the program is exercised by a test suite , one or more coverage criteria are used .
Candidiasis or thrush is a fungal infection ( mycosis ) of any of the Candida species ( all yeast s ) , of which Candida albicans is the most common .
The continuous Laplace transform is in Cartesian coordinates where the x axis is the real axis and the discrete Z-transform is in circular coordinates where the \ rho axis is the real axis .
This can be done off-line : for example , executing a series of measures from which to calculate an approximated mathematical model , typically its transfer function or matrix .
A chemical formula is a way of expressing information about the proportions of atom s that constitute a particular chemical compound , using a single line of chemical element symbols , numbers , and sometimes also other symbols , such as parentheses , dashes , brackets , and plus ( + ) and minus ( – ) signs .
These are limited to a single typographic line of symbols , which may include subscripts and superscripts .
Coleoptera ( ) is an order of insect s commonly called beetles .
The word " coleoptera " is from the Greek , koleos , meaning " sheath " ; and , pteron , meaning " wing " , thus " sheathed wing " .
Patterns of beetle diversity can be used to illustrate factors that have led to the success of the group as a whole .
Most species ( about 62 % ) are in six extremely diverse families , each with at least 20,000 described species : Curculionidae , Staphylinidae , Chrysomelidae , Carabidae , Scarabaeidae , and Cerambycidae .
A fold of the membrane at the base of each wing ( jugum ) is a characteristic feature .
Different species use different chemicals for their pheromones .
The unfolding and folding of the wings is operated by muscles attached to the wing base ; as long as the tension on the radial and cubital veins remains , the wings remain straight .
Many species have large protrusions from their thorax and head such as the Rhinoceros beetle , which can be used to defended themselves from predators .
Concorde pilots were routinely trained to handle double engine failure .
It featured more powerful engines with sound deadening and without the fuel-hungry and noisy reheat .
By mid-century , European monarchs began to classify cannon to reduce the confusion .
By the end of the 15th century , several technological advancements made cannon more mobile .
Even with this many animals pulling , they still moved at a walking pace .
Laser diodes are also used for better resolution and precision .
Inertial and gyroscopic mice Often called " air mice " since they do not require a surface to operate , inertial mice use a tuning fork or other accelerometer ( US Patent 4787051 , published in 1988 ) to detect rotary movement for every axis supported .
In most countries however , civil defense is a government-managed , volunteer-staffed organisation , separate from the fire brigade and the ambulance service .
The CERT concept differs because it includes nonmilitary emergencies , and is coordinated with all levels of emergency authorities , local to national , via an overarching incident command system .
Cinquain ( ) is a class of poetic forms that employ a 5-line pattern .
Judiciary Political parties and elections Recent political history The 1999 election produced a hung Parliament .
Civil wars have further resulted in economic collapse ; Burma ( Myanmar ) , Uganda and Angola are examples of nations that were considered to have promising futures before being engulfed in civil wars .
It is not related to the renaissance and early baroque cornett .
Cornets first appeared as separate instrumental parts in 19th century French compositions .
Wonders of the Invisible World appeared at the same time as Increase Mather ’s Cases of Conscience . "
Poole announces his intention to redeem Mather 's name , using as a springboard a harsh critique of a recently published tome by Charles Wentworth Upham called " Salem Witchcraft Volumes I and II With an Account of Salem Village and a History of Opinions on Witchcraft and Kindred Subjects . "
Levellers Led by John Lilburne , Levellers drew their main support from London and the Army .
Evers has befriended a range of people from sharecropper s to presidents .
For instance , if there are N time slots in a TDMA system and 2N users that talk half of the time , then half of the time there will be more than N users needing to use more than N time slots .
Bypassing filters Content filtering in general can " be bypassed entirely by tech-savvy individuals " Blocking content on circumvention advice " [ will not ] ... guarantee that users wo n't eventually be able to find a way around the filter . "
Examples include Midhowe on Rousay and Unstan Chambered Cairn from the Orkney Mainland , both of which date from the mid 4th millennium BC and were probably in use over long periods of time .
Blackhammer cairn on Rousay is another example dating from the 3rd millennium BC .
To improve marketability , it may contain caramel ( as may Scotch whisky ) and flavouring , in addition to the distilled mash spirits .
The carat is divisible into one hundred points of two milligrams each .
Notes
The placement of the Tang as the beginning of the bureaucratic phase rests largely on replacement of patronage networks with the imperial examination .
Recent Western scholarship of China has been heavily influenced by postmodernism , seeking to question modernist narratives regarding China 's backwardness and lack of development .
Religion The CPC , as an officially atheist institution , prohibits party members from holding religious beliefs ( though this ban is , in many cases , unenforceable ) .
He continued working steadily , varying between dramatic roles , as in The Bride ( 1985 ) with Sting and Jennifer Beals , to the Academy Award - winning Glory ( 1989 ) , and comedic roles , as in Hot Shots !
It developed into one of the great airports of the world during the 1920s and 1930s , and welcomed the world 's pioneer aviators in its heyday .
The word cairn derives from Scots ( with the same meaning ) , in turn from Scottish Gaelic , which is essentially the same as the corresponding words in other native Celtic language s of Britain and Ireland , including Welsh ( and ) , Irish , and Cornish or .
The Class Action Fairness Act of 2005 addresses these concerns .
The " lightweight " P-40Ns ( Kittyhawk IV ) arrived from early 1943 and were used mostly in the fighter-bomber role .
The earliest victory claims by P-40 pilots include Vichy French aircraft , during the 1941 Syria-Lebanon campaign , against Dewoitine D. 520 s , a type often considered to be the best French fighter used during World War II .
Jehovah 's Witnesses contrast " memorizing or repeating creeds " with acting to " do what Jesus said " .
See also References Further reading External links
They kept slavery until 1866 .
Abramoff succeeded in gaining defeat of a Congressional bill to use the unrelated business income tax ( UBIT ) to tax Native American casinos , sponsored by Reps. Bill Archer ( R-TX ) and Ernest Istook ( R-OK ) .
In this antiquated context , chemical affinity is sometimes found synonymous with the term " magnetic attraction " .
Ajrak is another specialty of Cholistan .
The extent of Kenneth 's nameless kingdom is uncertain , but it certainly extended from the Firth of Forth in the south to the Mounth in the north .
Maximian , brought out of retirement by his son 's rebellion , left for Gaul to confer with Constantine in late 307 .
Maxentius ' rule was nevertheless insecure .
This removed penalties for professing Christianity , under which many had been martyred in persecutions of Christians , and returned confiscated Church property .
The central nervous system ( CNS ) is the part of the nervous system that integrates the information that it receives from , and coordinates the activity of , all parts of the bodies of bilaterian animals — that is , all multicellular animals except radially symmetric animals such as sponge s and jellyfish .
It contains the majority of the nervous system and consists of the brain and the spinal cord .
Cartesian means of or relating to the French philosopher and mathematician René Descartes — from his name — Rene Des-Cartes .
It may refer to : In mathematics :
A leader leads by moving himself and maintaining frame and connection .
Perhaps CORAL 's most significant contribution to computing was the enforcement of quality control in commercial compilers .
Chernenko never got complete control over the Central Committee and Party apparatus ; while Andropov never succeeded in removing the majority of Brezhnev appointees in the Central Committee , he had succeeding in dividing the Central Committee along factional lines .
The ASS oversaw the propaganda system alongside the Institute of Marxism – Leninism .
The Communist Party of the Soviet Union ( , Kommunisticheskaya partiya Sovetskogo Soyuza ; short : КПСС , KPSS ) was the only legal , ruling political party in the Soviet Union and one of the largest communist organizations in the world .
It lost its dominance in the wake of the failure of the 1991 August putsch .
Once the Party lost its constitutional status as the sole governing force of country , the Union began to crumble .
Barna concluded , “ The data indicates that millions of gay people are interested in faith but not in the local church and do not appear to be focused on the traditional tools and traditions that represent the comfort zone of most churched Christians . "
Despite a few attempts by Commodore to discontinue the C64 in favor of other , higher priced machines , constant demand made its discontinuation a hard task .
1983 saw Commodore attempt to compete with the Apple II 's hold on the US education market with the Educator 64 , essentially a C64 and " greenscale " monochrome monitor in a PET case .
After a redesign in 1983 , the VIC-II was encased in a plastic Dual Inline Package , which reduced costs substantially , but it did not totally eliminate the heat problem .
The principle of figure-ground refers to this notion of engaging the user by presenting a clear presentation , leaving no confusion concerning the purpose of the map .
Increased cytoplasmic calcium concentrations cause increased calcium uptake into the sarcoplasmic reticulum via the SERCA2 transporter .
Roman law was imposed on Roman citizens , as well as colonial subjects , throughout the empire .
svg | Flag of the President of Finland includes the Cross of Liberty , 3rd Class in the canton and the same like design is also found in presidential decorations , as the Crand Cross of the White Rose of Finland with the fir cross Collar File : Coa Hungary Country History ( 15th century ) .
These phenomena can be observed with the aid of electronic spectroscopy ; also known as UV-Vis .
Role of women in perpetuating male chauvinism Some women are comfortable with being subjugated and/or relieved from positions of responsibility by men , and do not feel comfortable when they or other women are in power or authority .
But chlorine is much less abundant than oxygen in the universe , and so planets with a sufficiently chlorine-rich atmosphere are likely to be rare , if they exist at all .
Haldane made the point that various common water-related organic compounds have ammonia-related analogs ; for instance the ammonia-related amine group ( - NH2 ) is analogous to the water-related alcohol group ( - OH ) .
The motion of the solar system , and the orientation of the plane of the ecliptic are aligned with features of the microwave sky , which on conventional thinking are caused by structure at the edge of the observable universe .
The three main classes of vehicles present are ground vehicles , air vehicles and space vehicles .
However , his greatest praise is reserved for Plato , whose apophatic views of God prefigure Christianity .
His first story sale was the climax of Modern Inventions , for a sequence where a robot barber chair gives Donald Duck a haircut on his butt .
Among these choices , Gaussian units are the most common today , and in fact the phrase " CGS units " is often used to refer specifically to CGS-Gaussian units .
Indeed , both of these mutually exclusive approaches have been practiced by the users of CGS system , leading to the two independent and mutually exclusive branches of CGS , described in the subsections below .
The second through fourth of these councils are generally entitled " Christological councils , " with the latter three mainly elucidating what was taught in them and condemning incorrect interpretations .
Paul viewed the superiority of the Christian revelation over all other divine manifestations as a consequence of the fact that Christ is the Son of God .
In Weaver 's view , complexity comes in two forms : disorganized complexity , and organized complexity .
With a traditional optical telescope , the space between stars and galaxies ( the background ) is completely dark .
5-level modelIn 2010 , a 5-level model was designed in France .
By comparison , the former colony of the United Province of Canada ( divided into the District of Canada East , and the District of Canada West ) and the western provinces were dozens of times larger and in some cases were expanded to take in territory formerly held in British Crown grants to companies such as the Hudson 's Bay Company ; in particular the November 19 , 1869 sale of Rupert 's Land to the Government of Canada under the Rupert 's Land Act 1868 was facilitated in part by Maritime taxpayers .
Industrial Cape Breton has historically been a region of labour activism , electing Co-operative Commonwealth Federation ( and later NDP ) MPs , and even produced many early members of the Communist Party of Canada in the pre - World War II era .
Patriarch of Alexandria Theophilus died on 15 October 412 , and Cyril was made Pope or Patriarch of Alexandria on 18 October 412 , against the party favouring Archdeacon Timothy .
In 167 BCE Antiochus ordered an altar to Zeus erected in the Temple .
In modern Israel , the national and military aspects of Hanukkah became , once again , more dominant .
When they asked him , " Is it lawful for a man to divorce his wife for any cause ? "
Access specifiers do not necessarily control visibility , in that even private members may be visible to client external code .
The signals from these receptors are transmitted across the plasma membrane into the cytosol , where Che proteins are activated .
In the mirror of publications Research on cell migration - as discussed above in ’ History of chemotaxis research ’ – requires complementary application of classic and modern techniques .
An electromagnetic coil ( or simply a " coil " ) is formed when a conductor ( usually an insulated solid copper wire ) is wound around a core or form to create an inductor or electromagnet .
When electricity is passed through a coil , it generates a magnetic field .
With the support of King James , Montagu produced another pamphlet , entitled Appello Caesarem , in 1625 shortly after the old king 's death and Charles 's accession .
Various disputes between native and coloniser concerning a transference of land ownership from Catholic to Protestant , particularly in relation to the plantation of Ulster , coupled with the gradual overshadowing of the Irish Parliament by the English Parliament would sow the seeds of conflagration in Ireland that , despite its initial chaos , provide the catalyst for direct armed combat within England between royalists and parliamentarians .
Use of outdoor natural settings During this period Pissarro began to understand and appreciate the importance of expressing on canvas the beauties of nature without adulteration .
These monitors are used for suspected frequent rhythm abnormalities , especially ones the wearer may not recognize by symptoms .
Then a point Z is constructible from E , F , G and H if either Since the order of E , F , G , and H in the above definition is irrelevant , the four letters may be permuted in any way .
Over the decades there has been considerable debate as to which personality the character identifies with most .
Christopher Reeve films ( 1978-1987 ) and Superman Returns ( 2006 ) In 1978 , the first of four Superman films was made in which Clark Kent and Superman were portrayed by Christopher Reeve ( with teenage Kent played by Jeff East in the first film ) .
All groups not of small 2 rank can be split into two major classes : groups of component type and groups of characteristic 2 type .
Eventually the high temperature phases would no longer occur within a particular cell .
His conclusions supported gradual building of volcanoes , so-called " backed up-building " , as opposed to the upheaval argument supported by other geologists .
Chelsea won the Second Division title in 1983 – 84 and established themselves in the top division , before being relegated again in 1988 .
In 2013 , the International Federation of Football History & Statistics ( IFFHS ) ranked Chelsea the best club in the world , replacing Barcelona at the top of the world rankings .
The idea of Satan as God 's opponent may have developed under the influence of the combat myth .
In the Oxford Companion to World Mythology , David Leeming lists Moses , Jesus , and King Arthur as examples of the " heroic monomyth " , calling the Christ story " a particularly complete example of the heroic monomyth " .
Leeming regards resurrection as a common part of the heroic monomyth , in which the heroes are resurrected , often as sources of " material or spiritual food for their people " ; in this connection , Leeming notes that Christians regard Jesus as the " bread of life " .
This can serve to apply the correct conventions used for alphabetical ordering in the language in question , dealing properly with differently cased letters , modified letter s , digraphs , particular abbreviations and so on , as mentioned above under Alphabetical order , and in detail in the Alphabetical order article .
It was later published in a report in 1993 and as a book by the same authors in 1995 .
At maturity level 5 , processes are concerned with addressing statistical common causes of process variation and changing the process ( for example , to shift the mean of the process performance ) to improve process performance .
Canada A different method of production to the Woolwich process , was found and used in Canada , possibly at the McGill University Department of Chemistry .
( See : Martyrdom ) .
He was made Bishop of Pamplona at the age of 15 .
The SI unit is mol/mol .
She made her professional debut on the New York stage , appearing in Beside Herself alongside Melissa Joan Hart , at the Circle Repertory Theatre .
The convolution of measures also satisfies the following version of Young 's inequality where the norm is the total variation of a measure .
Confusingly , linen and silk that was printed by this method was known as linen calicoes and silk calicoes .
A second group , headed by Chief Justice Edward D. White and Oliver Wendell Holmes , Jr. , stood for " reasonable " market regulation , managed either by private agreements among producers ( long permitted under common law ) or by public administrative agencies .
The albums were released in reverse order thus in the larger overarching ' fourth storyline ' is divulged in reverse chronological order .
1 " introduced a story , further parts of the " Metropolis " story were unseen on that album or subsequent releases for seven years .
The oblate spheroid shape reflects , following Clairaut 's theorem , the balance between containment by gravitational attraction and dispersal by centrifugal force .
These coordinates are a very special example of a more general concept of local coordinates from the theory of differential forms .
The City University of New York ( CUNY ; ) is the public university system of New York City .
It is the largest urban university in the United States , consisting of 24 institutions : 11 senior colleges , seven community college s , the William E. Macaulay Honors College at CUNY , the doctorate-granting Graduate School and University Center , the City University of New York School of Law , CUNY Graduate School of Journalism , and the Sophie Davis School of Biomedical Education .
Now known as The Macaulay Honors College University Scholars Program , it graduated its first class in 2005 , attracting students with a mean high school GPA of 3.5 and SAT scores of 1365 for the Class of 2009 .
For instance P ⊆ NP ⊆ PP ⊆ PSPACE , but it is possible that P = PSPACE .
But that did n't contradict the presidential directive , Dewey said . "
These events do n’t constitute assassinations because as far as we are concerned assassinations are only those of heads of state .
This gap between the real self and the ideal self , the " I am " and the " I should " is called incongruity .
With a 3 , resulting in The sum diverges at s in the neighborhood of zero , but if the damping of large-frequency excitations corresponding to analytic continuation of the Riemann zeta function to s = 0 is assumed to make sense physically in some way , then one has But \ zeta ( -3 ) = 1/120 and so one obtains The analytic continuation has evidently lost an additive positive infinity , somehow exactly accounting for the zero-point energy ( not included above ) outside the slot between the plates , but which changes upon plate movement within a closed system .
may be an inner cubewano near the plutino s. Furthermore , there is evidence that the Kuiper belt has an ' edge ' , in that an apparent lack of low-inclination objects beyond 47-49 AU was suspected as early as 1998 and shown with more data in 2001 .
The production was then taken to Belgium to be performed at the 1958 Brussels World 's Fair , with David Atkinson as Billy , Ruth Kobart as Nettie , and Clayton reprising the role of Julie , which she had originated .
.
developed the moral argument for sending American boys overseas , Carousel offered consolation to those wives and mothers whose boys would only return in spirit .
Undying was developed by DreamWorks Interactive and released in 2001 .
For instance , here is the CLU syntax for a cluster that implements complex number s : complex_number = cluster is add , subtract , multiply , ... rep = record [ real_part : real , imag_part : real ] add = proc ... end add ; subtract = proc ... end subtract ; multiply = proc ... end multiply ; ... end complex_number ; Cluster names are global , and no namespace mechanism was provided to group clusters or allow them to be created " locally " inside other clusters .
The letters k , w , x , and y are found only in foreign names and French vocabulary .
In return Atari was to get one-year exclusive use of the design as a video game console .
In 2005 , he was voted the 90th-greatest Israeli of all time , in a poll by the Israeli news website Ynet to determine whom the general public considered the 200 Greatest Israelis .
These different Christadelphian fellowships are to some degree localised .
Congregational governance typically follows a democratic model , with an elected arranging committee for each individual ecclesia .
Aster is concentrated in Santo Domingo , but is expanding its service throughout the Dominican Republic .
The bacterium had been originally isolated 45 years earlier ( 1855 ) by Italian anatomist Filippo Pacini , but its exact nature and his results were not widely known .
By the early 1970s electronic pocket calculators ended manufacture of mechanical calculators , although the Curta remains a popular collectable item .
A number of respected monthly publications , including the popular science magazine " Наука и жизнь " ( " Science and Life " ) , featured special columns , dedicated to optimization techniques for calculator programmers and updates on undocumented features for hackers , which grew into a whole esoteric science with many branches , known as " yeggogology " ( " еггогология " ) .
Today , point of sale systems scan the barcode ( usually EAN or UPC ) ) for each item , retrieve the price from a database , calculate deductions for items on sale ( or , in British retail terminology , " special offer " , " multibuy " or " buy one , get one free " ) , calculate the sales tax or VAT , calculate differential rates for preferred customers , actualize inventory , time and date stamp the transaction , record the transaction in detail including each item purchased , record the method of payment , keep totals for each product or type of product sold as well as total sales for specified periods , and do other tasks as well .
The removable till allows money to be removed from the sales floor to a more secure location for counting and creating bank deposits .
Council of Ephesus Another theological dispute in the 5th century occurred over the teachings of Nestorius , the Patriarch of Constantinople who taught that God the Word was not hypostatically joined with human nature , but rather dwelt in the man Jesus .
This was commonly called " sharing " , or in some cases " sacrificial sex " .
The weak and the strong cosmic censorship hypotheses are two mathematical conjectures about the structure of singularities arising in general relativity .
So too Cyril of Jerusalem , in the fourth century , says that the Church is called Catholic not only ' because it is spread throughout the world ' , but also ' because it teaches completely and without defect all the doctrines which ought to come to the knowledge of men ' .
However , the church in communion with the Bishop of Rome , both in its Western form and in that of the Eastern Catholic Churches , has always considered itself to be the historic Catholic Church , with all others as " non-Catholics " and regularly refers to itself as " the Catholic Church " .
Despite his leanings toward Deism , Alexander has retained a respect for the Catholic Church , believing it to embody a great deal of accumulated human truth within its rituals .
Desperate to stop the slaughter , Corum , Rhalina and Jhary Corum travel to the last five planes , ruled by Mabelode , the King of the Swords .
Historical design context Incitements and benefits Before the RISC philosophy became prominent , many computer architects tried to bridge the so-called semantic gap , i.e. to design instruction sets that directly supported high-level programming constructs such as procedure calls , loop control , and complex addressing mode s , allowing data structure and array accesses to be combined into single instructions .
During diving , a muscular action closes the blowholes ( nostril s ) , which remain closed until the cetacean comes to the surface ; when it surfaces , the muscles open the blowholes and warm air is exhaled .
Nevill Coghill 's modern English version formed the basis of a musical version – first staged in 1964 . ''
From that point on , the film follows a group of strangers , each with his or her own story and in need of some kind of redemption , are making their way to Canterbury together .
Actually , most of the promoted Cathar castles were not built by Cathars but by local lords and later many of them were rebuilt and extended for strategic purposes .
It acts as a cushion or buffer for the cortex , providing a basic mechanical and immunological protection to the brain inside the skull and serves a vital function in cerebral autoregulation of cerebral blood flow .
A similar way to state this is that to ask for one particular piece of evidence in favor of a conclusion is a flawed question .
Depending on the nature of the case , non-judge experts ( doctors , appraisers , actuaries , and so on ) may be called by the court as conciliators to help decide the case .
To avoid such problems , Cyclone introduces the @ pointer type , which can never be NULL .
In one large study , nine percent of patients had transient neurological symptoms , including headache , after radiosurgery for AVM .
Such glue blocks the vessel and reduces blood flow into the AVM .
The point prevalence in adults is approximately 18 per 100,000 .
For example , in both Greek and Sanskrit , an aspirated stop evolved into an unaspirated one , but only if a second aspirate occurred later in the same word ; this is Grassmann 's law , first described for Sanskrit by Sanskrit grammarian Pāṇini and promulgated by Hermann Grassmann in 1863 .
If more evidence along these lines were given , one might conclude to an alteration of the original k because of a different environment .
Pope Martin V appointed Polish King Jogaila and Lithuanian Grand Duke Vytautas as vicar general s in Pskov and Veliky Novgorod in recognition of their Catholicism .
This line had both a continuous loop haulage cable that the cars gripped using a cable car gripper , and a balance cable permanently attached to both cars over an undriven pulley at the top of the line .
A monitor or a display is an electronic visual display for computer s. The monitor comprises the display device , circuitry and an enclosure .
The display device in modern monitors is typically a thin film transistor liquid crystal display ( TFT-LCD ) thin panel , while older monitors use a cathode ray tube ( CRT ) about as deep as the screen size .
Two missions were flown , one over Stanleyville and another over Paulis during Thanksgiving weeks .
The U.S. Army and U.S. Air Force resurrected the huge weapons as a means of clearing landing zones for helicopters and in early 1969 the 463rd commenced Commando Vault missions .
Such devices are often called " tooters " by users .
A Cartesian coordinate system is a coordinate system that specifies each point uniquely in a plane by a pair of numerical coordinates , which are the signed distances from the point to two fixed perpendicular directed lines , measured in the same unit of length .
Each reference line is called a coordinate axis or just axis of the system , and the point where they meet is its origin , usually at ordered pair ( 0 , 0 ) .
In those oblique coordinate systems the computations of distances and angles is more complicated than in standard Cartesian systems , and many standard formulas ( such as the Pythagorean formula for the distance ) do not hold .
The standard orientation , where the xy-plane is horizontal and the z-axis points up ( and the x - and the y-axis form a positively oriented two-dimensional coordinate system in the xy-plane if observed from above the xy-plane ) is called right-handed or positive .
This agency consisted of three commissioners who were charged with analyzing the state road system and making recommendations .
Finnish radio intelligence is said to have participated effectively in German actions against British convoys to Murmansk .
The identity is the only Zn - algebra endomorphism on Zn so we can restate the definition as asking that pn be an algebra endomorphism of Zn .
A caption in the final panel says this story was a test to see if readers would like Captain America to return .
Kirby returned to the series as writer and penciler with issue # 193 ( Jan. 1975 ) and remained through # 214 ( Oct. 1977 ) .
This series — considered Captain America volume one by comics researchers and historians , following the 1940s Captain America Comics and its 1950s numbering continuation of Tales of Suspense — ended with # 454 ( Aug. 1996 ) .
The revival of the character in the mid-1950s was short-lived , and events during that time period are later retconned to show that multiple people operated using the code name to explain the changes in the character .
Rogers returns to the Captain America identity while a recovered Walker becomes the U.S. Agent .
Apologetics The term " countercult apologetic s " first appeared in Protestant Evangelical literature as a self-designation in the late 1970s and early 1980s in articles by Ronald Enroth and David Fetcho , and by Walter Martin in Martin Speaks Out on the Cults .
Publication history Created by writer Stan Lee and artist/co-writer Jack Kirby , Professor X first appeared in X-Men # 1 ( September 1963 ) .
In spite of Cyclops ' feelings , Xavier forms a new team including Havok and Darwin , the lone other survivor of Moira 's students .
The answer is that the chiropractic subluxation is essentially a functional entity , not structural , and is therefore no more visible on static x-ray than a limp or headache or any other functional problem . "
Evidence-based guidelines are supported by one end of an ideological continuum among chiropractors ; the other end employs antiscientific reasoning and makes unsubstantiated claims .
Chiropractic included vitalistic ideas of Innate Intelligence with religious attributes of Universal Intelligence to substitute science .
Decorations and medals General Krulak 's decorations and medals include : Legacy General Krulak famously referred to the " Strategic Corporal " and the Three Block War as two of the key lessons identified from the deployments in Somalia , Haiti and Bosnia .
Family General Krulak is married to Zandi Meyers from Annapolis .
CPSU can refer to :
Cluny or Clugny is a commune in the Saône-et-Loire department in the region of Bourgogne in eastern France .
After 2 more years without a race the Dutch Grand Prix was back on the World Championship ( s ) calendar in 1958 and from then on remained a permanent fixture ( with the exception of 1972 ) until , when it was held for the last time .
Only at the start of the 20th century did Christmas trees appear inside churches , this time in a new brightly lit form .
The final plot allows the symmetry of the crystal to be established .
Churchill was desperate for some sort of British victory before the planned Allied landings in North Africa , Operation Torch , scheduled for November 1942 .
Then Berlin was a capitalist city surrounded by communist-ruled East Germany , represented a " hot spot " of political and ideological controversy for the revolting German students .
Some chartplotters have the ability to interface charts and radar images .
Status quo The primary custodians are the Eastern Orthodox , Armenian Apostolic , and Roman Catholic Churches , with the Greek Orthodox Church having the lion 's share .
Since these geographic considerations imply that , not including the hill within , the walls would be willfully making the city prone to attack from it , some scholars , including the late 19th century surveyors of the Palestine Exploration Fund , consider it unlikely that a wall would ever have been built that would cut the hill off from the city in the valley ; archaeological evidence for the existence of an earlier city wall in such a location has never been found .
One might note , however , that what is assumed to be a niche for the Torah scroll in the building probably originally built as a Judeo-Christian synagogue between AD 70 and AD 135 on the traditional site of the Cenacle or upper room of the Last Supper and now identified as the site of the King David 's Tomb is oriented not towards the Temple Mount , but towards the site of the Holy Sepulchre , which would seem to indicate that the Christian community that had built it had already began to transfer many of the religious traditions originally associated with the Temple to the sites they associated with Christ 's death and resurrection ( such as the burial place of Adam and the centre of the world ) .
Such suspected allophones/allographs are listed on a common row in the table below .
A consumer is a person or group of people who are the final users of products and or services generated within a social system .
Cacti have a variety of uses : many species are used as ornamental plants , others are grown for fodder or forage , and others for food ( particularly their fruit ) .
Flowers Like their spines , cactus flower s are variable .
However , this alone was not sufficient ; cacti with only these adaptations appear to do very little photosynthesis in their stems .
However , the geographical distribution of cacti offers some evidence .
Ex situ conservation aims to preserve plants and seeds outside their natural habitats , often with the intention of later reintroduction .
Independently from Euler and using the same methods , Maclaurin discovered the Euler – Maclaurin formula .
Maclaurin actively opposed the Jacobite Rebellion of 1745 and superintended the operations necessary for the defence of Edinburgh against the Highland army .
Kato later returned to Square Enix as a freelancer to work on Children of Mana and Dawn of Mana .
In some cases , the most extensive form of a planned economy is referred to as a command economy , or command and control economy .
When hunting small monkeys such as the red colobus , the chimpanzee hunts where the forest canopy is interrupted or irregular .
Classification and genres Dance categories by number of interacting dancers are mainly solo dance , partner dance and group dance .
Several articles and interviews reported Barrymore 's taste for photography .
Star Radially symmetrical , star dunes are pyramidal sand mounds with slipfaces on three or more arms that radiate from the high center of the mound .
Twin Peaks , Wild at Heart and Fire Walk with Me : 1987 – 1996 During the late 1980s , Lynch had begun to work in television as well as cinema , directing a short piece titled The Cowboy and the Frenchman for French television in 1989 .
While still working on the first few episodes of Twin Peaks , Lynch 's friend , Monty Montgomery " gave me a book that he wanted to direct as a movie .
His later films tend more to the psychological , often contrasting subjective and objective realities ( eXistenZ , M. Butterfly , Spider ) .
Not long after Dale Jr. was born , Dale Sr. and Brenda divorced .
Rain-delays had canceled the live telecast of the race and most fans first learned of the accident during the night 's sports newscasts .
De Vries kills Yueh but he also dies with Leto in the assassination attempt ; however Harkonnen survives .
In order to decrypt a message m , sent as mgab , Bob ( or Alice ) must first compute ( gab ) -1 , as follows : Bob knows | G | , b , and ga. .
Before Caldwell , the word was traditionally used to designate the Tamil language and people , and vaguely the people of South India .
While some Dravidian languages have accepted large numbers of loan words from Sanskrit and other Indo-Iranian languages in addition to their already vast vocabulary , in which the orthography shows distinctions in voice and aspiration , the words are pronounced in Dravidian according to different rules of phonology and phonotactics : aspiration of plosives is generally absent , regardless of the spelling of the word .
On the other hand , Indo-Aryan shows rather large-scale structural borrowing from Dravidian , but relatively few loanwords .
Beginning with his A Treatise of Human Nature ( 1739 ) , Hume strove to create a total naturalistic " science of man " that examined the psychological basis of human nature .
This includes ideas on private property , inflation , and foreign trade .
History Native Americans Before Delaware was settled by European colonists , the area was home to the Eastern Algonquian tribes known as the Unami Lenape or Delaware throughout the Delaware valley , and the Nanticoke along the rivers leading into the Chesapeake Bay .
Residents of Sussex County will also use Wicomico Regional Airport , as it is located less than from the Delaware border .
New Castle has not gone Republican in a presidential election since 1988 .
Common diatomic molecules are hydrogen ( H2 ) , nitrogen ( N2 ) , oxygen ( O2 ) , and carbon monoxide ( CO ) .
D&D initially continued the use of miniatures in a fashion similar to its direct precursors .
The original D&D set of 1974 required the use of the Chainmail miniatures game for combat resolution .
Almost from its inception , differences of design philosophy caused this dual marketing approach to go awry .
Each set covered game play for more powerful characters than the previous .
Other companies have created complete game systems based on earlier editions of D&D .
Double jeopardy is a procedural defence that forbids a defendant from being tried again on the same ( or similar ) charges following a legitimate acquittal or conviction .
In common law countries , a defendant may enter a peremptory plea of autrefois acquit or autrefois convict ( means " previously " in French ) , meaning the defendant has been acquitted or convicted of the same offence .
On 11 September 2006 , Dunlop became the first person to be convicted of murder following a prior acquittal for the same crime , in his case his 1991 acquittal of Julie Hogg 's murder .
This exception stems from the ability of different sovereignties to charge individuals for the same crime .
When the tension is increased , the amplitude of the sound is reduced and the frequency is increased , making the pitch higher and the volume lower .
The poet Pindar celebrated the Alcmaeonid 's temple in Pythian 7.8-9 and he also provided details of the third building ( Paean 8 .
When DEC introduced the PDP-1 , they also mentioned larger machines at 24 , 30 and 36-bits , based on the same design .
The VAXmate replaced the Rainbow , and in its standard form was the first widely marketed diskless workstation .
Although the simplest example of branched DNA involves only three strands of DNA , complexes involving additional strands and multiple branches are also possible .
Japan 22 .
If the head of state is also democratically elected then it is called a democratic republic .
For example , in this context , " A or B " is true if A is true , or if B is true , or if both A and B are true .
See also Notes External links References
The orchestral sound usually known as " disco sound " relies heavily on strings and horns playing linear phrases , in unison with the soaring , often reverberated vocals or playing instrumental fills , while electric pianos and chicken-scratch guitars create the background " pad " sound defining the harmony progression .
Some of the most prestigious clubs had elaborate lighting systems that throbbed to the beat of the music .
One significant advantage that doubles have over single barrel repeating shotguns is the ability to provide access to more than one choke at a time .
The off-center nature of the recoil in a SxS gun may make shooting the body-side barrel slightly more painful by comparison to an OU , single-shot , or pump/lever action shotgun .
The SST does not allow firing both barrels at once , since the single trigger must be pulled twice in order to fire both barrels .
Eight bits are used solely for checking parity , and are thereafter discarded .
Attacks faster than brute-force There are three attacks known that can break the full 16 rounds of DES with less complexity than a brute-force search : differential cryptanalysis ( DC ) , linear cryptanalysis ( LC ) , and Davies ' attack .
By his own account , he spent a great deal of time in the Oak Knoll Naval Hospital 's library , where he would have encountered the work of Freud and other psychoanalysts .
Because of a sale of assets resulting from the bankruptcy , Hubbard no longer owned the rights to the name " Dianetics " , but its philosophical framework still provided the seed for Scientology to grow .
When applied in large enterprises the result is dozens of tables that are linked together by a web of joins .
Generating new dimensional data marts against the data stored in the data warehouse is a relatively simple task .
Video Video compression uses modern coding techniques to reduce redundancy in video data .
Among African countries , Congo 's diaspora is second only to Nigeria in size .
The parachute division ( Division des Troupes Aéroportées Renforcées de Choc , DITRAC ) operated semi-independently from the rest of the army .
Mobutu had to request assistance , which was provided by Morocco in the form of regular troops who routed the MPLA and their Cuba n advisors out of Katanga .
During the months following the Shaba invasion , Mobutu sought solutions to the military problems that had contributed to the army 's dismal performance .
Gérard Prunier writes that ' there was no minister of defence , no known chief of staff , and no ranks ; all officers were Cuban-style ' commanders ' called ' Ignace ' , ' Bosco ' , Jonathan ' , or ' James ' , who occupied connecting suites at the Intercontinental Hotel and had presidential list cell-phone numbers .
Instead of the traditional adaptative foreign policy of the small country , Denmark is today pursuing an active foreign policy , where human rights , democracy and other crucial values is to be defended actively .
French troops occupy the fort despite protests from the British Agent in Aden , Major Frederick Mercer Hunter , who dispatches troops to safeguard British and Egyptian interests in Zeila and prevent further extension of French influence in that direction .
The prohibitive cost of maintaining the colony , France 's last outpost on the continent , was another factor that compelled observers to doubt that the French would attempt to hold on to the territory .
Guelleh was re-elected in the 2011 presidential election .
This article is about the demographics of Djibouti , including population density , ethnicity , education level , health , economic status , religious affiliations and other aspects of the population .
Ethnic groups Djibouti is a multiethnic country .
In 2002 , United States units began operations from Djibouti with the aim of countering the possible threat of Islamic terrorism in the Horn of Africa .
The streams are not navigable , but many are sources of hydroelectric power .
Telephone s - main lines in use : 23,000 ( 2004 ) Telephones - mobile cellular : Telephone system : Radio broadcast stations : AM 0 , FM 15 , shortwave 0 ( 2007 ) Radios : 46,000 ( 1997 ) Television broadcast stations : 0 ( however , there are three cable television companies , Dominica Broadcast , Marpin Telecoms [ 1 ] and SAT Telecommunications Ltd. [ 2 ] ) ( 2004 ) Televisions : 11,000 ( 2007 ) Internet Service Provider s ( ISPs ) : Cable & Wireless Dominica Ltd ( DSL ) Marpin Telecoms ( Cable ) SAT Telecommunications Ltd. ( Cable & FTTP ) Internet code : DM Telephone code : 767
There are a total of 780 km of highways and roads in Dominica , 393 km of which are paved , leaving 387 unpaved , according to a 1996 estimate .
There are no railways .
The country also has " marked income inequality " .
A 1906 agreement provided for the arrangement to last 50 years .
Average annual rainfall is countrywide , with individual locations in the Valle de Neiba seeing averages as low as while the Cordillera Oriental averages .
On September 24 , 2010 , the teens were sentenced to only 3 – 5 year prison terms , despite the protests of the taxi drivers ' families .
Tobacco required less land than cattle ranching and was mainly grown by smallholders , who relied on itinerant traders to transport their crops to Puerto Plata and Monte Cristi .
Under pressure from the United States , Balaguer agreed to hold new elections in 1996 .
President Fernández , who grew up in New York , was the principal beneficiary of this law .
Secondarily , remittances have financed small businesses and other productive activities .
Statistics GDP : purchasing power parity - $ 61.67 billion ( 2007 est. ) GDP - real growth rate : 7.2 % ( 2007 est. ) GDP - per capita : purchasing power parity - $ 9,200 ( 2007 est. ) GDP - composition by sector : agriculture : 11.5 % industry : 28.3 % services : 60.2 % ( 2007 est. ) Inflation rate ( consumer prices ) : 4.52 % ( 2008 est. ) Labor force : 3.986 million ( 2007 est. ) Labor force - by occupation : agriculture : 17 % industry : 24.3 % services : 58.7 % ( 1998 est. ) Unemployment rate : 15.5 % ( 2007 est. ) Population below poverty line : 42.2 % ( 2004 ) Budget : revenues : $ 7.014 billion expenditures : $ 6.985 billion ( 2007 est. ) Industries : tourism , sugar processing , ferronickel and gold mining , textile s , cement , tobacco Electricity - production : 12.22 billion kWh ( 2005 ) Electricity - consumption : 8.791 billion kWh ( 2005 ) Electricity - exports : 0 kWh ( 2005 ) Electricity - imports : 0 kWh ( 2005 ) Oil - production : ( 2004 ) Oil - consumption : ( 2005 est. ) Oil - exports : ( 2004 ) Oil - imports : ( 2004 ) Oil - proved reserves : ( 1 January 2006 est. ) Natural gas - production : 0 cu m ( 2005 est. ) Natural gas - consumption : 239.8 million cu m ( 2005 est ) .
Transportation in the Dominican Republic is composed of a system of roads , airports , ports , harbours and an urban railway : Roadways There are five main highways ( DR-1 , DR-2 , DR-3 , DR-4 , DR-5 ) they are in good condition in the Dominican Republic connecting its biggest cities and tourist centers .
Some diseases are used as metaphors for social ills : " Cancer " is a common description for anything that is endemic and destructive in society , such as poverty , injustice , or racism .
Douglas " Doug " Carl Engelbart ( born January 30 , 1925 ) is an American inventor , and an early computer and internet pioneer .
He is best known for his work on the challenges of human – computer interaction , particularly while at his Augmentation Research Center Lab in SRI International , resulting in the invention of the computer mouse , and the development of hypertext , networked computers , and precursors to graphical user interface s. He is a committed , vocal proponent of the development and use of computer s and networks to help cope with the world ’s increasingly urgent and complex problems .
On one such occasion Gary Brooker performed the full ( 4 verse ) version of " A Whiter Shade of Pale " .
The hope is to markedly reduce the profusion of non-interchangeable power adapters needed for each year 's new output of mobile phone models .
Context Drum and bass exhibits a full frequency response which can only be appreciated on sound systems which can handle very low frequencies .
Grohl would later record the song for the Pocketwatch cassette .
Goldsmith also believed that Capitol and producer Gil Norton wanted Grohl to drum on the album .
At the 12-12-12 Sandy benefit concert Paul McCartney joined Grohl and the surviving members of Nirvana ( Krist Novoselic and touring guitarist Pat Smear ) to perform " Cut Me Some Slack " , a song later recorded for the Sound City soundtrack .
Definitions Considerable controversy exists over the proper definition of the term " desertification " for which Helmut Geist ( 2005 ) has identified more than 100 formal definitions .
The most widely accepted of these is that of the Princeton University Dictionary which defines it as " the process of fertile land transforming into desert typically as a result of deforestation , drought or improper/inappropriate agriculture " The earliest known discussion of the topic arose soon after the French colonization of West Africa , when the Comité d'Etudes commissioned a study on desséchement progressif to explore the prehistoric expansion of the Sahara Desert .
The bridge has three lanes in each direction , and features a separated bike/pedestrian lane on its south-facing side .
A 1999 game at Philadelphia saw Eagles fans cheering as Michael Irvin lay motionless and possibly paralyzed on the field .
Prior to Elway , Denver had over 24 different starting quarterbacks in its 23 seasons to that point .
Shortly after acquiring Manning , the Broncos also signed tight ends Joel Dreessen , Jacob Tamme , as well as Safety Mike Adams formerly of the Cleveland Browns .
Note also that the terms are not always treated as mutually exclusive ; there is not necessarily anything contradictory in the statement that " the language of the Pennsylvania Dutch is a dialect of German " .
His original goal was full independence for Tibet , but by the late 1980s , he was seeking high-level autonomy instead .
They are given when the plaintiff 's suit is trivial , used only to settle a point of honour or law .
We can know everything , for example , about a bat 's facility for echolocation , but we will never know how the bat experiences that phenomenon .
The Weiss brothers soon changed the name of their business to Fantasy Records .
y % 2B + solved in WolframAlpha .
Many prematurely considered that victory in Europe would come by summer 's end ; however Eisenhower knew from his German roots that the fight would continue .
Washington refused to support Churchill 's plan to use Eisenhower 's army for political maneuvers against Moscow .
In November 1945 , Eisenhower returned to Washington to replace Marshall as Chief of Staff of the Army .
In selecting a Chief Justice Eisenhower looked for an experienced jurist who could appeal to liberals in the party as well as law-and-order conservatives , noting privately that Warren " represents the kind of political , economic , and social thinking that I believe we need on the Supreme Court ... He has a national name for integrity , uprightness , and courage that , again , I believe we need on the Court " .
That evening , Eisenhower 's body was placed onto a train en route to Abilene , Kansas .
Detective fiction is a sub-genre of crime fiction and mystery fiction in which an investigator or a detective - either professional or amateur - investigates a crime , often murder .
Beginnings of detective fiction In ancient literature Some scholars have suggested that certain ancient and religious texts bear similarities to what would later be called detective fiction .
He published a number of books decrying the breakdown of the social order , such as The Great Law of Subordination Considered ( 1724 ) and Everybody 's Business is Nobody 's Business ( 1725 ) and works on the supernatural , like The Political History of the Devil ( 1726 ) , A System of Magick ( 1726 ) and An Essay on the History and Reality of Apparitions ( 1727 ) .
His next officially noted stop in television was in 1956 when he moved to London in order to assume the position at the Zoological Society of London as Head of the Granada TV and Film Unit .
She then requested that the philosopher retain the books in Paris until she required them , and act as her librarian with a yearly salary .
He has several times been denied burial in the Panthéon with other French notables , but the French government has announced plans to move his ashes there in 2013 , the 300th anniversary of his birth .
By 1757 they could endure it no longer .
Although there is no consensus that this is a musical instrument , there has been one claim that it played a diatonic scale .
Since World War II and the fall of Nazi Germany , only the third stanza has been used as the national anthem .
Austrian monarchists continued to use this anthem after 1918 in the hope of restoring the monarchy .
Deng , the youngest of all the Chinese students in the group , had just turned 15 .
When Premier Zhou Enlai fell ill with cancer , Deng became Zhou 's choice as successor , and Zhou was able to convince Mao to bring Deng back into politics in 1974 as First Vice-Premier , in practice running daily affairs .
Jiang 's tearful eulogy to the late reformist leader declared , " The Chinese people love , thank , mourn and cherish the memory of Comrade Deng Xiaoping because he devoted his life-long energies to the Chinese people , performed immortal feats for the independence and liberation of the Chinese nation . "
Finally the captain , a lieutenant and the hospital surgeon ( the other officers being at dinner ) succeeded in stopping the murder and caring for the wounded — about 60 , 30 seriously , besides seven killed outright .
Goodness , he believed , came more from practice and discipline than from innate human nature .
He contacted Wham-O Manufacturing and asked them for help with the event .
In recent years recycled rubber mats have been developed and are starting to catch on .
The women 's field has in fact grown rapidly in the past 5 years , as many Women 's Only tournaments grow in popularity around the world .
Decimal notation Decimal notation is the writing of number s in a base-10 numeral system .
The same trichotomy holds for other base-n positional numeral systems : A version of this even holds for irrational-base numeration systems , such as golden mean base representation .
First news of his death came from his former colleague , Rob Pike .
As a polite reference to a dead person , it has become common practice to use the participle form of " decease " , as in the deceased ; the noun form is decedent .
Standard Danish has two genders and the definite form of nouns is formed by the use of suffix es , while Western Jutlandic has only one gender and the definite form of nouns uses an article before the noun itself , in the same fashion as West Germanic languages .
Metal bands such as Slayer , Kreator , Celtic Frost , and Venom were very important influences to the crafting of the genre .
Schuldiner has been attributed by Allmusic 's Eduardo Rivadavia as being " widely recognized as the Father of Death Metal " .
Death 's founder Schuldiner helped push the boundaries of uncompromising speed and technical virtuosity , mixing technical and intricate rhythm guitar work with complex arrangements and emotive guitar solos .
Otherwise , his wits are intact .
Another prominent source , which Cervantes evidently admires more , is Tirant lo Blanch which the priest describes in Chapter VI of Quixote as " the best book in the world . "
About September , however , a spurious Part Two , entitled Second Volume of the Ingenious Gentleman Don Quixote of La Mancha : by the Licenciado ( doctorate ) Alonso Fernández de Avellaneda , of Tordesillas , was published in Tarragona by an unidentified Aragon ese who was an admirer of Lope de Vega , rival of Cervantes .
In relations with users and other developers , the maintainer uses the bug tracking system to follow up on bug reports and fix bugs .
Michael and J.J. had gotten married , and Mike had dropped out of business school to start work in an advertising agency in New York City .
After many letter-writing campaigns demanding the removal of the strip were unsuccessful , conservatives changed their tactics , and instead of writing to newspaper editors , they began writing to one of the printers who prints the color Sunday comics .
The markings on Chinese dominoes evolved from the markings on dice .
The coloring for numbering is achieved by submersing the dice entirely in paint , which is allowed to dry and then polished via a tumble finishing process , similar to rock polishing .
Yamaha 's engineers began adapting Chowning 's algorithm for use in a commercial digital synthesizer , adding improvements such as the " key scaling " method to avoid the introduction of distortion that normally occurred in analog systems during frequency modulation , though it would take several years before Yamaha release their FM digital synthesizers .
E-mu Systems introduced the Emulator sampling synthesizer in 1982 at a retail price of $ 7,900 .
An extreme statement of the position has been articulated by the Italian composer Luciano Berio : “ Music is everything that one listens to with the intention of listening to music ” ( Berio , Dalmonte , and Varga 1985 , 19 ) .
Hispanic or Latino of any race were 3.0 % of the population .
In 2007 the online education program had a revenue of $ 40 million , and in 2010 had 8,000 students and offered almost 90 total certificates , undergraduate , and graduate degrees .
Certificate-earning alumni such as artist Violet Oakley and illustrator Frank Schoonover reflect the early emphasis on art as part of the university 's curriculum .
Deception Pass is a strait separating Whidbey Island from Fidalgo Island , in the northwest part of the U.S. state of Washington .
It connects Skagit Bay , part of Puget Sound , with the Strait of Juan de Fuca .
It is easy to see that it is impossible to form a dimensionless product of powers that combines g with k , m , and T , because g is the only quantity that involves the dimension L. This implies that in this problem the g is irrelevant .
The Nephilim were seen as the source of the sin and evil on earth because they are referenced in Genesis 6:4 before the story of the Flood .
“ Fornication … , riches … , [ and ] the profanation of the temple ” ( 4Q266 ; 4:17,18 ) make up the three nets .
Episodic memory is believed to be the system that provides the basic support for semantic memory .
Memento ( 2000 ) a film inspired by the case of Henry Molaison ( H.M. ) .
As a result , she slipped from the list of top box office stars , last appearing in the top ten in 1966 with the hit film The Glass Bottom Boat .
When the total vapor pressure reaches the pressure surrounding the liquid , boiling occurs and liquid turns to gas throughout the bulk of the liquid .
Duesberg also rejects the involvement of retroviruses and other viruses in cancer .
Biology Knowledge about dinosaurs is derived from a variety of fossil and non-fossil records , including fossilized bone s , feces , trackway s , gastrolith s , feather s , impressions of skin , internal organs and soft tissue s. Many fields of study contribute to our understanding of dinosaurs , including physics ( especially biomechanics ) , chemistry , biology , and the earth sciences ( of which paleontology is a sub-discipline ) .
Behavior Many modern birds are highly social , often found living in flocks .
The syrinx depends on the air sac system in birds to function ; specifically , it requires the presence of a clavicular air sac near the wishbone or collar bone .
There is evidence that other non-theropod dinosaurs , like Patagonia n titanosaur ian sauropods ( 1997 discovery ) , also nested in large groups .
Scrutiny under the microscope further revealed that the putative dinosaur soft tissue had retained fine structures ( microstructures ) even at the cellular level .
Dinosaurs are ubiquitous in advertising ; numerous companies have referenced dinosaurs in printed or televised advertisements , either in order to sell their own products or in order to characterize their rivals as slow-moving , dim-witted , or obsolete .
To tabulate polynomials of degree n , one needs sufficient storage to hold n numbers .
Initial values The initial values of columns can be calculated by first manually calculating N consecutive values of the function and by backtracking , i.e. calculating the required differences .
The function f ( x ) = 2x has this property .
This facility is useful to register network clients into the DNS when they boot or become otherwise available on the network .
In many fonts the letter l and the numeral 1 look very similar or even identical .
Rahal Letterman Lanigan Racing Rahal Letterman Lanigan Racing ( RLLR ) is an auto racing team that currently races in the American Le Mans Series , and full-time in the IZOD IndyCar Series .
Later , he guest starred on NBC 's medical drama The Eleventh Hour in the role of Hal Kincaid in the 1962 episode " Make Me a Place " , with series co-stars Wendell Corey and Jack Ging .
Each city would mint its own and have them stamped with recognizable symbols of the city , along with suitable inscriptions , and they would often be referred to either by the name of the city or of the image depicted ( e.g. the Aeginetan " turtles " ) .
Some sources suggest Almagro received such a requirement in 1534 by the Spanish king and was officially declared governor of New Toledo .
For a defocused object with some characteristic dimension y , the imaged size of that object is The ratio of the blur disk size to the imaged size of that object then is so for a given defocused object , the ratio of the blur disk diameter to object size is independent of focal length , and depends only on the object size and its distance from the subject .
For an asymmetrical lens , the DOF ahead of the subject distance and the DOF beyond the subject distance are given by and where P is the pupil magnification .
One that is notable and well established is Nostalgia Pro Comp Association .
But , though the draugr usually presages death , there is an amusing account in Northern Norway of a Nordlending who managed to outwit him : Literature The modern and popular connection between the draugr and the sea can be traced back to the author Jonas Lie and the story-teller Regine Nordmann , as well as the drawings of Theodor Kittelsen , who spent some years living in Svolvær .
Muslim s fast from daybreak to sunset each day of the month of Ramadan .
Programmers and designers began to treat the data in their databases as objects .
The answers to these questions establish definitions of the terminology used for entities ( customers , products , flights , flight segments ) and their relationships and attributes .
A permanent magnet , such as a bar magnet , owes its magnetism to the intrinsic magnetic dipole moment of the electron .
The involvement of pro-inflammatory cytokines in depression is strongly suggested by a meta-analysis of the clinical literature showing higher blood concentrations of IL-6 and TNF-α in depressed subjects compared to controls .
The score on a rating scale alone is insufficient to diagnose depression to the satisfaction of the DSM or ICD , but it provides an indication of the severity of symptoms for a time period , so a person who scores above a given cut-off point can be more thoroughly evaluated for a depressive disorder diagnosis .
Episodes may be isolated or recurrent and are categorized as mild ( few symptoms in excess of minimum criteria ) , moderate , or severe ( marked impact on social or occupational functioning ) .
Physical exercise is recommended for management of mild depression , but it has only a moderate , statistically insignificant effect on symptoms in most cases of major depressive disorder .
Prognosis Major depressive episodes often resolve over time whether or not they are treated .
He theorized that objective loss , such as the loss of a valued relationship through death or a romantic break-up , results in subjective loss as well ; the depressed individual has identified with the object of affection through an unconscious , narcissistic process called the libidinal cathexis of the ego .
Events Births Deaths Holidays and observances External links
The ones provided below can be used to convert any dozenal number between 0.01 and BBB , BBB .
It filed twice for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection and was successfully reorganized into a new swimming pool industry association .
Club diving In the United States , pre-college divers interested in three meter or tower diving should consider a club sanctioned by USA Diving or AAU Diving .
Other linguists list them separately only for the purpose of separating syntactic cases from locative cases .
Immersive media , a Camera manufacturing company , has made the Dodeca 2360 camera , the world 's first 360 ° , full motion camera which captures high-resolution video from every direction simultaneously at more than 100 million pixels per second or 30 frames per second .
Prolonged periods of no precipitation are common in the dry season in Northern Australia ( particularly in the Northern Territory and northern regions of Western Australia ) although a prolonged no-rainfall event of this length is uncommonly lengthy .
Academics , administration , and ranking Dartmouth , a liberal arts institution , offers a four-year Bachelor of Arts and ABET-accredited Bachelor of Engineering degree to undergraduate students .
The preferred habitat of the Dodo is unknown , but old descriptions suggest that it inhabited the woods on the drier coastal areas of south and west Mauritius .
According to Wendy Strahm and Anthony Cheke , two experts in the ecology of the Mascarene Islands , the tree , while rare , has germinated since the demise of the Dodo and numbers several hundred , not 13 as claimed by Temple , hence discrediting Temple 's view as to the Dodo and the tree 's sole survival relationship .
It has also been suggested that the Broad-billed Parrot may have depended on Dodos and Cylindraspis tortoises to eat palm fruits and excrete their seeds , which became food for the parrots .
* Air excluded when calculating density Others Other common units The SI unit for density is : Litres and metric tons are not part of the SI , but are acceptable for use with it , leading to the following units : Densities using the following metric units all have exactly the same numerical value , one thousandth of the value in ( kg/m3 ) .
He carried out extensive linguistic and anthropological research in the area ranging from Senegal eastwards to the Upper Nile .
In 1927 Westermann published a Practical Orthography of African Languages which became later known as the Westermann script .
French treats letters with diacritical marks the same as the underlying letter for purposes of ordering and dictionaries .
Embryonic development does not always proceed correctly , and errors can result in birth defect s or miscarriage .
The IAU General Assembly in August 2006 considered a proposal that Pluto and Charon be reclassified as a double planet , but the proposal was abandoned .
His evangelistic meetings were held from Boston to New York , throughout New England and as far as San Francisco , and other West coast towns from Vancouver to San Diego .
It offers a wide array of personalized options to help individuals make healthy food choices .
Without family support , he started his own business as a stockbroker , in which he became quite successful thanks to the connections he made when working with his father .
In the Second Battle of Porto he crossed the Douro river in a daylight coup de main , and routed Marshal Soult 's French troops in Porto .
ControversyMuch historical discussion has been made about Napoleon 's decision to send 33,000 troops under Marshal Grouchy to intercept the Prussians , but — having defeated Blücher at Ligny on 16 June and forced the Allies to retreat in divergent directions — Napoleon may have been strategically astute in a judgement that he would have been unable to beat the combined Allied forces on one battlefield .
Dressed to Kill is a 1980 erotic crime thriller film written and directed by Brian De Palma and starring Michael Caine , Angie Dickinson , Nancy Allen in a Golden Globe - nominated performance , and Keith Gordon .
The original music score is composed by Pino Donaggio .
The Diesel cycle is the thermodynamic cycle which approximates the pressure and volume of the combustion chamber of the Diesel engine , invented by Rudolph Diesel in 1897 .
As the player will often encounter enemies in groups , combat often tends toward a tactical approach , including the use of cover , strafing , and " hit-and-run " .
Diego Armando Maradona ( , born 30 October 1960 ) is an Argentine football coach as well as a manager and former player .
Many experts , football critics , former players , current players and football fans in general consider Maradona to be the greatest football player of all time .
He was transferred to Napoli in Italy 's Serie A for another world record fee , £ 6.9 m ( $ 10.48 m ) .
It is also known in the UK as MF4 .
The Apocrypha section of the original 1611 King James Bible includes , in addition to the deuterocanonical books , the following three books , which were not included in the list of the canonical books by the Council of Trent : These books make up the Apocrypha section of the Clementine Vulgate : 3 Esdras ( 1 Esdras ) ; 4 Esdras ( 2 Esdras ) ; and The Prayer of Manasseh , where they are specifically described as " outside of the series of the canon " .
Game theory deals with situations where success depends on the choices of others , which makes choosing the best course of action more complex .
Scientists with the Ventana Wildlife Society and others are intensifying studies and remediations of the condors ' problems .
This endocrine disrupting activity has been observed in mice and rat toxicological studies , and available epidemiological evidence indicates that these effects may be occurring in humans as a result of DDT exposure .
funestus Giles , indicates an urgent need to develop a strategy of insecticide resistance management for the malaria control programmes of southern Africa . "
Each work group had approximately 20 advisers .
However , in 1973 provisions were made to relocate the capital to Dodoma , a more centrally located city in Tanzania 's interior .
Many people visit Trinity College , Dublin to see the Book of Kells in the library there .
Windows 98 and Windows NT 4.0 both shipped with DirectX , as has every version of Windows released since .
The rigid nature of the old-style bamboo gates had forced skiers to maneuver their entire body around each gate , while the hinged gates require only that the skis and boots of the skier ( as the FIS rules state ) go around each gate .
There is a possibility the wire-haired dachshund was a cross between the smooth dachshund and various hard-coated terriers and wire-haired pinschers , such as the Schnauzer , the Dandie Dinmont Terrier , the German Wirehaired Pointer , or perhaps the Scottish Terrier .
During 1936 and 1937 , in order to maintain as low a profile as possible between the Fourth and Fifth symphonies , Shostakovich mainly composed film music , a genre favored by Stalin and lacking in dangerous personal expression . "
The objective of each level is simply to locate the exit room that leads to the next area , marked with an exit sign and/or a special kind of door , while surviving all hazards on the way .
Around 1994 and 1995 , WADs were primarily distributed online over bulletin board system s or sold in collections on compact disc s in computer shops , sometimes bundled with editing guide books .
Denver 's position near the mineral-rich Rocky Mountains encouraged mining and energy companies to spring up in the area .
Digital filter ing generally consists of some linear transformation of a number of surrounding samples around the current sample of the input or output signal .
For faster applications with vast usage , ASIC s might be designed specifically .
The religion has been likened to Zen , based on similarities with absurdist interpretations of the Rinzai school , as well as Taoist philosophy .
” Some Discordians have also taken it upon themselves to further elaborate upon the powers of a Pope .
This is an extremely debatable assertion as to what would define Discordian philosophy as a whole .
Another historic name in Arabic was the " Sea of Zoʼar " , after a nearby town in biblical times .
The floods of the valley came and went depending on long scale climate change .
The Merthyr Synagogue features a dragon on the front gable .
The result of this verbal contract was their first single , " Dreaming of Me " , recorded in December 1980 and released in February 1981 .
Violator went on to reach Top 10 in the UK and US .
I loved the band .
XML DTD schema example An example of a very simple external XML DTD to describe the schema of a list of persons might consist of : <!ELEMENT people_list (person)*> <!ELEMENT person (name, birthdate?, gender?, socialsecuritynumber?)> <!ELEMENT name (#PCDATA)> <!ELEMENT birthdate (#PCDATA)> <!ELEMENT gender (#PCDATA)> <!ELEMENT socialsecuritynumber (#PCDATA)> Taking this line by line : An example of an XML file which makes use of and conforms to this DTD follows .
On the other hand in Hinduism , which provides plenty of room for counterpoint , there is also the notion of dvaita ( dualism ) where there is interplay between good and evil tendencies .
Due to improvements in fuel technology with additives , waxing rarely occurs in all but the coldest weather when a mix of diesel and kerosene may be used to run a vehicle .
Modern engines with electronic fuel delivery can adjust the timing and amount of fuel delivery ( by changing the duration of the injection pulse ) , and so operate with less waste of fuel .
The pony engine heated the diesel to aid in ignition and used a small clutch and transmission to spin up the diesel engine .
In Western terminology , drawing is distinct from painting , even though similar media often are employed in both tasks .
Position in the Hebrew Bible Deuteronomy occupies a puzzling position in the Bible , linking the story of the Israelites ' wanderings in the wilderness to the story of their history in Canaan without quite belonging totally to either .
Dillard and Longman in their Introduction to the Old Testament stress the living nature of the covenant between Yahweh and Israel as a nation : The people of Israel are addressed by Moses as a unity , and their allegiance to the covenant is not one of obeisance , but comes out of a pre-existing relationship between God and Israel , established with Abraham and attested to by the Exodus event , so that the laws of Deuteronomy set the nation of Israel apart , signaling the unique status of the Jewish nation .
Jerusalem and the Davidic covenant David conquered the Jebusite fortress of Jerusalem , and made it his capital . "
The bounty for a successful kill in PvP is a portion of the gold and the " ear " of the defeated player ( with the previous owner 's name and level at the time of the kill ) .
They both study primarily the properties of differentiable manifolds , sometimes with a variety of structures imposed on them .
Two manifolds M and N are diffeomorphic ( symbol usually being \ simeq ) if there is a diffeomorphism f from M to N. They are C ^ r diffeomorphic if there is an r times continuously differentiable bijective map between them whose inverse is also r times continuously differentiable .
There are in fact 28 oriented diffeomorphism classes of manifolds homeomorphic to the 7-sphere ( each of them is a total space of the fiber bundle over the 4-sphere with the 3-sphere as the fiber ) .
Where progress requires more aquatic legwork , scuba gear ( an aqua-lung ) allows Duke to take longer trips away from air .
For example , Jerry Norman ( 1988:139 ) explains using for Pinyin d , " The stops and affricates fall into two contrasting series , one unaspirated , the other aspirated .
18 , tr .
There have been minor changes to the uniform design throughout the years , such as changing the silver stripe patterns on the jersey sleeves , and changing the colors of the jersey numbers .
One of the few Major League players who never played a day in the minor leagues , he would hit over .300 nine times in his career .
At Exhibition Stadium , the Tigers dropped three in a row to the Blue Jays before winning a dramatic extra-inning showdown .
The Tigers spent 146 days of the 2009 season in first place , but became the first team in Major League history to lose a three game lead with four games left to play .
2010 also saw the debut of Brennan Boesch , who was named the AL Rookie of the Month for May and June .
The Augusti would not meet again until 303 .
The most that can be said about built structures under Diocletian 's reign is that he rebuilt and strengthened forts at the Upper Rhine frontier ( where he followed the works made under Probus 's reign , both along the Lake Constance - Basel as well as along the Rhine – Iller – Danube line ) , in Egypt , and on the frontier with Persia .
References Further reading External links
Following Locke 's successful attack on innate ideas , Tindal 's " Deist Bible " redefined the foundation of deist epistemology as knowledge based on experience or human reason .
Since then , other variant designs involving building an artificial structure or series of structures to encompass a star have been proposed in exploratory engineering or described in science fiction under the name " Dyson sphere " .
With the return of Vespasian in late September , his political role was rendered all but obsolete and Domitian withdrew from government devoting his time to arts and literature .
Among the most important new structures were an odeon , a stadium , and an expansive palace on the Palatine Hill known as the Flavian Palace which was designed by Domitian 's master architect Rabirius .
These November Criminals , or those who seemed to benefit from the newly formed Weimar Republic , were seen to have " stabbed them in the back " on the home front , by either criticizing German nationalism , instigating unrest and strikes in the critical military industries or profiteering .
5.4 % of the population was Hispanic or Latino of any race .
Other highways include Iowa Highway 22 , which is on the city 's southwest side , and Iowa Highway 130 , which runs along Northwest Boulevard on Davenport 's north edge .
As physical objects have wave-like properties ( at the atomic level ) , diffraction also occurs with matter and can be studied according to the principles of quantum mechanics .
At first , Donaldson was unable to gain official recognition for the Student Homophile League ( SHL ) ( now called the Columbia Queer Alliance ) , as Columbia required a membership list .
He later wrote that he " took a lot of flak from the leaders of other homophile organizations for being bi " , including creating a scandal by " having an affair with Martha Shelley , leader of the New York Daughters of Bilitis and later the Gay Liberation Front " .
It has been suggested that this means they are related to the passage grave s found in Denmark and elsewhere .
After World War II , the Soviet Union and Communist-controlled Poland , Hungary and Yugoslavia expelled hundreds of thousands of ethnic Germans , most of whom were descendants of immigrants who had settled in those areas nearly two centuries before .
İsmet Özel wrote a poem titled " Of not being a Jew " in which he lamented the fact that he felt like a pursued Jew , but had no second country to which he could go .
See the discussion in " The Real Professor Higgins " .
The Galaxy were eliminated from playoff contention on 21 October , in the final MLS match of the season , a 1 – 0 loss to the Chicago Fire .
He was sick before the game and vomited several times as a result of dehydration and illness after he scored the winning goal .
One recent example is a new line of aftershave and fragrances called David Beckham Instinct .
3 : Taking on the World , which was released straight to DVD on 15 June 2009 .
Despite moving to Los Angeles , California , Beckham has expressed no personal interest in pursuit of acting roles , saying he is too " stiff " .
In addition to taking the position of Middle East envoy , Rumsfeld served as a member of the President 's General Advisory Committee on Arms Control ( 1982 – 1986 ) ; President Reagan 's Special Envoy on the Law of the Sea Treaty ( 1982 – 1983 ) ; a senior adviser to President Reagan 's Panel on Strategic Systems ( 1983 – 1984 ) ; a member of the Joint Advisory Commission on U.S. / Japan Relations ( 1983 – 1984 ) ; a member of the National Commission on the Public Service ( 1987 – 1990 ) ; a member of the National Economic Commission ( 1988 – 1989 ) ; a member of the Board of Visitors of the National Defense University ( 1988 – 1992 ) ; a member of the FCC 's High Definition Television Advisory Committee ( 1992 – 1993 ) ; a member of the U.S. Trade Deficit Review Commission ( 1999 – 2000 ) ; a member of the Council on Foreign Relations ; and Chairman of the U.S. Commission to Assess National Security Space Management and Organization ( 2000 ) .
And that 's what 's going to happen here . "
Arrival of the United States Navy In March 1971 , United States Naval construction battalions ( Seabees ) arrived on Diego Garcia to begin the construction of the Communications Station and an airfield .
The atoll forms a nearly complete rim of land around a lagoon , enclosing 90 percent of its perimeter , with an opening only in the north .
In December 2004 , a tsunami generated near Indonesia caused minor shoreline erosion on Barton Point ( the northeast point of the atoll of Diego Garcia ) .
Diego Garcia is of sufficient width to minimise tidal fluctuations in the aquifer , and the rainfall ( in excess of 102.5 inches/260 cm per year on average ) is sufficient in amount and periodicity for the fresh water to form a series of convex , fresh-water , Ghyben-Herzberg lenses floating on the heavier salt water in the saturated sediments .
Vertical wells can cause salt upconing into the lens , and over-extraction will reduce fresh water pressure resulting in lateral intrusion by seawater .
This facility became more vital after the closure of the Indian Ocean Station in 1996 .
The soul embodies the mind and is responsible for transmigration and the character of oneself .
Often be a source of income or rely budget holy place on donations by the faithful and visitors , and sometimes bigger property holy place , where some grown fruits and plants , and this in itself constitutes a particular source of income for the place .
Women can opt to wear al-mandīl , a loose white veil , especially in the presence of other people .
Although Premier offered the Delta system to be marketed by Dragon themselves , Dragon were not happy that a third party were hijacking the standards for their computer , and produced their own rival DragonDOS system making it clear that the third party Delta was not compatible with the ' standard ' Dragon Disk system .
By measuring the distortion geometry , the mass of the cluster causing the phenomena can be obtained .
Ducati Motor Holding S.p.A. is an Italian company that designs and manufactures motorcycles .
This included the use of ROM for library software that could be run much faster than the same code in the normal core memory , due to the latter ’s need to be written immediately after being read .
Hundreds of designs were submitted , but none seemed right .
Membership peaked in 1958 at just under 2 million .
Senate career In October 1843 , Atchison was appointed to the U.S. Senate to fill the vacancy left by the death of Lewis F. Linn .
Despite this , a museum exhibit opened in his honor , in which its owner claims it to be the country 's smallest Presidential Library .
His son , Daniel Fahrenheit ( the father of the subject of this article ) , married Concordia Schumann , daughter of a well-known Danzig business family .
Because it demonstrates the fundamental limitation of the ability of the observer to predict experimental results , Richard Feynman called it " a phenomenon which is impossible ... to explain in any classical way , and which has in it the heart of quantum mechanics .
A number of luxury high rises have been built .
Detroit 's own Wayne County has an average household income of about $ 38,000 , compared to Oakland County 's $ 62,000 .
While Blacks/African-Americans comprised only 13 percent of Michigan 's population in 2010 , they made up nearly 82 percent of Detroit 's population .
The " Do n’t Pursue " established what was minimally required for an investigation to be initiated .
Elaine Donnelly called such efforts " a big P.R. campaign " and said that " The law is there to protect good order and discipline in the military , and it 's not going to change . "
Do n't Ask , Do n't Tell Repeal Act of 2010 Democrats in both houses of Congress first attempted to end DADT by amending the Defense Authorization Act .
Senior Airman Randy Phillips , after conducting a social media campaign seeking encouragement coming out and already out to his military co-workers , came out to his father on the evening of September 19 .
Jase Daniels became the first to return to active duty , re-joining the Navy as a third class petty officer .
Divination is considered a sin in Islam , Judaism , as well as most Christian denominations ; although some methods , especially dream interpretation , do appear in Scripture .
During the filming of Dr. Strangelove , Stanley Kubrick learned that Fail-Safe , a film with a similar theme , was being produced .
They were the first volume production cars in Europe to incorporate front wheel drive , and were powered by transversely mounted two-cylinder two stroke engines .
Dhrystone vs. Whetstone The Dhrystone benchmark contains no floating point operations , thus the name is a pun on the then-popular Whetstone benchmark for floating point operations .
The couple partly raised several of Parton 's younger siblings at their home in Nashville , leading her nieces and nephews to refer to her as " Aunt Granny " .
Press agent Lee Solters represented Parton and has remarked that he knew her " since she was flat-chested " .
It had strong claws on the front feet and its pouch opening faced backwards .
In 1982 , Dirk gained further popularity as con-man Lieutenant Templeton " Face " Peck in 1980s action television series , The A-Team .
It is often the case that a director approves of the final cut , and even prefers it to the so-called earlier " director 's cut . "
c is % = " circumference ) ) ) By the time the language design was completed , it was changed to an Algol-like syntax , designed by Michael Kahl , with the expectation that it would be more familiar to a wider audience of programmers : let radius = 5 ; let circumference = 2 * $ pi * radius ; if ( circumference > 42 ) format-out ( " Hello , big circle !
The DCMI has established standard ways to refine elements and encourage the use of encoding and vocabulary schemes .
The public interface of a DOM is specified in its application programming interface ( API ) .
DMT in solution degrades relatively quickly and should be stored protected from air , light , and heat in a freezer .
In the contemporary era of technological connectivity , sessions may also be conducted remotely by phone , email or online chat .
On page 55 verso we find the Danish coat-of-arms surmounted by a helmet with ermine-clad bison horns ( ) .
It is also often rendered dharam in contemporary Indian languages and dialects .
Hofstadter has said of himself , " I 'm someone who has one foot in the world of humanities and arts , and the other foot in the world of science . "
Both in his writing and in his teaching , Hofstadter stresses the concrete , constantly using examples and analogies , and avoids the abstract .
He created an audio CD with the title DRH/JJ , which includes all these compositions performed primarily by pianist Jane Jackson , but with a few performed by Brian Jones , Dafna Barenboim , Gitanjali Mathur and himself .
The warfare with the Oyo empire resulted in Dahomey assuming a tributary status with the Oyo empire .
The branching order among the Herpesviruses suggests that Alloherpesviridae is the basal clade and that Herpesviridae and Malacoherpesviridae are sister clades .
The Sandinista revolution ( 1979 – 1990 ) When Somoza was overthrown by the FSLN in July 1979 , Ortega became a member of the five-person Junta of National Reconstruction , which also included Sandinista militant Moisés Hassan , novelist Sergio Ramírez , businessman Alfonso Robelo , and Violeta Barrios de Chamorro , the widow of a martyred journalist .
One of the key accords of the pact was to lower the percentage necessary to win a presidential election in the first round from 45 % to 35 % , a change in electoral law that would become decisive in Ortega 's favor in the 2006 elections .
Ortega was re-elected president with a vote on November 6 and confirmation on November 16 , 2011 .
Uribe then quipped that he would send him the bill for his ambassador 's plane fare .
In naval terminology , a destroyer is a fast and maneuverable yet long-endurance warship intended to escort larger vessels in a fleet , convoy or battle group and defend them against smaller , powerful , short-range attackers .
Destroyers , originally called torpedo-boat destroyers in 1892 , evolved from the response of navies to the threat posed by the torpedo boat .
The Indian Navy operates three s. These ships are armed with Kh-35 missiles , which have a range of 130 km , in the anti-ship role .
Early life Also known as Dot or Dottie , Parker was born Dorothy Rothschild to Jacob Henry and Eliza Annie Rothschild ( née Marston ) at 732 Ocean Avenue in the West End village of Long Branch , New Jersey , where her parents had a summer beach cottage .
He described his experience there in Quite Early One Morning : Never was there such a dame school as ours , so firm and kind and smelling of galoshes , with the sweet and fumbled music of the piano lessons drifting down from upstairs to the lonely schoolroom , where only the sometimes tearful wicked sat over undone sums , or to repent a little crime — the pulling of a girl 's hair during geography , the sly shin kick under the table during English literature .
Instead Thomas is viewed as part of the modernism and romanticism movements , though attempts to pigeon-hole him within a particular neo-romantic school have been unsuccessful .
The extent to which drug addiction was now affecting Bowie was made public when Russell Harty interviewed the singer for his London Weekend Television talk show in anticipation of the album 's supporting tour .
Supporting Never Let Me Down , and preceded by nine promotional press shows , the 86-concert Glass Spider Tour commenced on 30 May .
In 1976 he earned acclaim for his first major film role , portraying Thomas Jerome Newton , an alien from a dying planet , in The Man Who Fell to Earth , directed by Nic Roeg .
On March 9 , 2010 , Duffy refused to move out of the Hopper home , despite the court 's order that she do so by March 15 .
In the United States in the 1930s , distributism was treated in numerous essays by Chesterton , Belloc and others in The American Review , published and edited by Seward Collins .
The input samples are complex number s ( in practice , usually real number s ) , and the output coefficients are complex too .
Second , if the x_n are real numbers , then p ( t ) is real as well .
Moreover , the eigenvectors are not unique because any linear combination of eigenvectors for the same eigenvalue is also an eigenvector for that eigenvalue .
There are also intrinsically multidimensional FFT algorithms .
Lack of standardization in design means that one double bass can sound and look very different from another .
However , the bass guitar has a different musical sound .
Post-Hoffman brothers period ( 2004 – present ) Shortly after , the guitar roles were then filled by ex - Cannibal Corpse guitarist Jack Owen , and Vital Remains guitarist Dave Suzuki .
Benton has repeatedly branded an inverted crucifix into his forehead on at least 12 different occasions .
Similar proposals have been made for the adjacent system , the Tube .
The tunnel there was built with an emergency walkway throughout its length .
Lewisham to Bromley North extension Another proposal involving an extension south of Lewisham envisages driving a DLR route to by taking over the Bromley North Line , a short National Rail branch line which has no direct services to London .
East of the A90 's Forfar Road junction , the Kingsway East continues as the A972 , and meets the A92 at the Scott Fyffe roundabout .
California police sent blood and urine samples from Morgan and Holland to the WMPD , but there is no indication WMPD investigated Morgan or Holland as suspects following their arrest in California .
The data then recomposes itself as a Digi-Egg , which will hatch when rubbed gently , and the Digimon goes through its life cycle again .
In general , Frontier has a much lighter tone than that of Tamers , yet remains darker than Adventure and Adventure 02 .
In late 2009 , Bandai created a webpage in Japanese showing a new game to be released in 2010 called Digimon Story : Lost Evolution , which uses the same engine as their predecessors Digimon World DS and Digimon World Dawn and Dusk and was released on July 1 , 2010 .
It also created conflict between the new and old communities of the London Docklands .
Ace and Ballantine dominated sf in the 1960s and built the genre by publishing original material as well as reprints .
Moreover , taking G = H it shows that the commutator subgroup is stable under every endomorphism of G : that is , [ G , G ] is a fully characteristic subgroup of G , a property which is considerably stronger than normality .
To continue work on the Jack-O-Lantern without the administration 's knowledge , Geisel began signing his work with the pen name " Seuss " .
Digital compositing is the process of digitally assembling multiple images to make a final image , typically for print , motion pictures or screen display .
It is the evolution into the digital realm of optical film compositing .
He can only be sure of his own existence by finding it in the expression of others ' faces .
In Serbia and most other Serbian - speaking parts of former Yugoslavia , foreign films , TV series and TV news are always subtitled , while children 's movies and cartoons are dubbed into Serbian .
In recent DVD releases , most of these Brazilian-dubbed classics were released with new Portuguese dubs , eliminating the predominance of Brazilian Portuguese dubs in Portugal .
TV-series : The Munsters , Serpico , Rumpole ( + Austrian German ) ; The Thorn Birds ( only Austrian German dubbing ) .
The Delaunay triangulation is computed for each set , and then the two sets are merged along the splitting line .
In the United Kingdom , the M.D. is a research degree more similar to a Ph.D. and is a higher level of attainment , usually through a body of published work or the submission of a dissertation .
However , an NVQ 5 is less work than a doctorate and such a person is not allowed to use the prefix " Dr. " With the introduction of National Health Practitioner registration legislation on July 1 , 2010 , the title " doctor " is not restricted in any Australian state .
Canada lies somewhere between British and American usage of the degree and terminology of " doctor " .
Reverse discrimination Some attempts at antidiscrimination have been criticized as reverse discrimination .
Of them , 97 % are white . "
This research found that of the 80 countries around the world that continue to consider homosexuality illegal , five carry the death penalty for homosexual activity , and two do in some regions of the country .
The Diatessaron is notable evidence for the authority already enjoyed by the four gospels by the mid-2nd century .
His very first bestseller was Demon Seed , the sales of which picked up after the release of the film of the same name in 1977 , and sold over two million copies in one year .
This conflict continued until the early 8th century BC when Ben-Hadad II was captured by Israel after unsuccessfully besieging Samaria .
Little appeared to have changed in the city : one army had simply replaced another .
The Damascus affair that took place in 1840 was an incident in which the accusation of ritual murder was brought against members of the Jewish community of Damascus .
All other remaining members of Imam Husain 's family ( left alive after Karbala ) along with heads of all other companions , who were killed at Karbala , were also brought to Damascus .
Exceptions to the Vienna Convention Some countries have made reservations to the Vienna Convention on Diplomatic Relations , but they are minor .
The film , finished in January 1934 for Lenin 's obit , was only publicly released in November .
Influence and legacy Vertov 's legacy still lives on today .
The discharge for the Detroit River is relatively high for a river of its size .
It ’s a benediction , a transference .
From 1981 to 1988 , he was one of President Reagan 's senior speech writers .
He managed to crawl out and make his way to the house of a friend .
His steward complained , but Dunstan seems to have suggested that they trust in Jesus Christ .
Some time later , ownership of the Planet fell into the hands of Bruce Wayne , where it has remained ever since .
Nevertheless , the elegance of the protocol and its compatibility with PBX features ensured the adoption DPNSS actually grew in Europe , compared to the much slower take-up of Qsig .
This is a protocol requirement and has nothing to do with link synchronisation .
However , this specific allophony can become obvious when speakers switch languages .
While standardized for the most part , there are certain variations in clustering , of which the Unicode used on this page is just one scheme .
This is less drastic than cutting diplomatic relations completely , and the mission will still continue operating more or less normally , but it will now be headed by a chargé d'affaires ( usually the deputy chief of mission ) who may have limited powers .
Digital considered using a combined register file , but a split register file was determined to be better as it enabled two-chip implementations to have a register file located on each chip and integer-only implementations to omit the floating-point register file containing the floating point registers .
Memory The Alpha has a 64-bit linear virtual address space with no memory segmentation .
The shift amount is given by a register or literal .
The term dagger is coined in this time , as are the Early Modern German equivalents dolch ( tolch ) and degen ( tegen ) .
The disadvantage of employing the medieval dagger in this manner was that it could easily be blocked by a variety of techniques , most notably by a block with the weaponless arm while simultaneously attacking with a weapon held in the right hand .
This love may manifest itself through brief ecstatic experiences , such that one may be engulfed by God and gain an immediate knowledge of Him , which is unknowable through the intellect alone .
In the tradition of Holy Writ , the impossibility of coming face to face with God is a recurring motif , thus the commandment against graven images ( Exodus 20.4-5 ) .
The song " The Legend of Andrew McCrew " was based on an article published in the New York Times concerning a black Dallas hobo named Anderson McCrew who was killed when he leapt from a moving train .
jpg The interior U-boat mock-up was mounted five metres off the floor and was shaken , rocked , and tilted up to 45 degrees by means of a hydraulic apparatus , and was vigorously shaken to simulate depth charge attacks .
At that stage in the war , morale was surely declining and this degree of skepticism may have occurred .
This invisible object is an ActiveX control or Java applet that knows how to communicate with the data source .
By 1916 it was spending $ 2 million a year on magazine advertising .
Charles Wedemeyer of the University of Wisconsin – Madison also promoted new methods .
Students who are enrolled in distance education with high satisfaction in their online coursework are then motivated intrinsically to learn , which often means that their performance in class will improve .
In 1960 , he and Atlas editor-in-chief Stan Lee co-created the short-lived syndicated comic strip Willie Lumpkin , about a suburban mail carrier , for the Chicago , Illinois - based Publishers Syndicate .
Bancomat is the commercial brand for the cash withdrawal circuit , while PagoBancomat is used for POS transactions .
Express Payment System or EPS was the pioneer provider , having launched the service in 1987 on behalf of the Bank of the Philippine Islands . The EPS service has subsequently been extended in late 2005 to include the other Expressnet members : Banco de Oro and Land Bank of the Philippines .
The only method permitted by the Internal Revenue Service ( IRS ) to avoid this " double-dipping " for medical FSAs and HRAs is through accurate and auditable reporting on the tax return .
As a result , many DDR fans have held contests and released " mixes " of custom songs and steps for these simulators .
Additionally , the Habsburg rulers of Austria believed that the promotion of nationalism , which was favored by Germany , would destroy their empire .
Constructivism Constructivism is a paradigm in psychology that characterizes learning as a process of actively constructing knowledge .
Other research has suggested that young infants in their first six months of life may possess an understanding of numerous aspects of the world around them , including : - an early numerical cognition , that is , an ability to represent number and even compute the outcomes of addition and subtraction operations ; - an ability to infer the goals of people in their environment ; - an ability to engage in simple causal reasoning .
See also References Further reading External links
At the height of the boom , it was possible for a promising dot-com to make an initial public offering ( IPO ) of its stock and raise a substantial amount of money even though it had never made a profit — or , in some cases , earned any revenue whatsoever .
However , since three years have passed between the purchase and the sale , any cash flow from the sale must be discounted accordingly .
He continues to perform , with his brother Elios , and can mix bebop and even classical music with gypsy swing .
Name According to the city 's Royal Charter of 10 April 1662 the official name is Londonderry .
The city 's road network also makes use of two bridges to cross the River Foyle , the Craigavon Bridge and the Foyle Bridge , the longest bridge in Ireland .
Muhammad Akbar Khan , son of the captive Dost Muhammad , arrived in Kabul and became effective leader of the sirdars .
By the end of the nineteenth century the modern ' cognitive paradigm ' of dementia was taking root .
There was also no mention of the dire prognosis Kraepelin had made .
David had to work quickly , but the result was a simple and powerful image .
He remarried her in 1796 .
( Review by Carl Hays of The Gist Hunter and Other Stories , Booklist , August 2005 ) Role-playing The original creators of the Dungeons & Dragons games were fans of Jack Vance and incorporated many aspects of the Dying Earth series into the game .
Exploration Some scenarios have extra rules encompassing the concept of exploration , which is done by having the hex tiles placed face down .
In his 20-page document , Volkert laid out plans for an aerodynamically clean medium bomber that would carry of bombs at a cruising speed of .
With the outbreak of the war , the Air Ministry became more receptive , but were still sceptical about sanctioning an unarmed bomber and thought that the Germans would produce fighters which were faster than expected .
Instead , the Ministry asked de Havilland to compromise and suggested two forward and two rear firing machine guns for defence .
This prototype continued to use the short engine nacelles , single-piece trailing edge flaps and the " No. 1 " tailplane used by W4050 , but had production standard wings and , thus configured , became the only Mosquito prototype to fly operationally .
These gave less drag .
Early life Dave Thomas was born on July 2 , 1932 in Atlantic City , New Jersey to a young unmarried woman he never knew .
Once the device sends data back to the driver , the driver may invoke routines in the original calling program .
In turn , the logical layer calls upon the physical layer to implement OS requests in terms understandable by the hardware .
Instead of reviving the old character , Schwartz had writers Robert Kanigher and John Broome , penciler Carmine Infantino , and inker Joe Kubert create an entirely new super-speedster , updating and modernizing the Flash 's civilian identity , costume , and origin with a science-fiction bent .
Diophantus coined the term παρισὀτης to refer to an approximate equality .
“ Our author ( Diophantos ) not the slightest trace of a general , comprehensive method is discernible ; each problem calls for some special method which refuses to work even for the most closely related problems .
He also considered simultaneous quadratic equations .
Dong may refer to : Asian languages People Dong may also mean : DONG can be an abbreviation for : See also Vsauce - Do It Online Now Guys/DONG
Duke Paoa Kahinu Mokoe Hulikohola Kahanamoku ( August 24 , 1890 – January 22 , 1968 ) was an American competition swimmer who was also known as an actor , lawman , early beach volleyball player and businessman credited with spreading the sport of surfing .
Kahanamoku was a five-time Olympic medalist in swimming .
The Distinguished Service Medal ( DSM ) is a military award of the United States Army that is presented to any person who , while serving in any capacity with the United States military , has distinguished himself or herself by exceptionally meritorious service to the Government in a duty of great responsibility .
The performance must be such as to merit recognition for service that is clearly exceptional .
Devo also appeared on Don Kirshner 's Rock Concert in 1979 , performing " Blockhead " , " Secret Agent Man " , and " Mongoloid " .
This album included two songs used in the Slaughterhouse Rock soundtrack .
The most common underlying assets include : commodities , stocks , bonds , interest rates and currencies .
Of course , this allows the individual or institution the benefit of holding the asset , while reducing the risk that the future selling price will deviate unexpectedly from the market 's current assessment of the future value of the asset .
The corporation could buy a forward rate agreement ( FRA ) , which is a contract to pay a fixed rate of interest six months after purchases on a notional amount of money .
Nonetheless , the above and other challenges of the rule-making process have delayed full enactment of aspects of the legislation relating to derivatives .
The movies were not direct remakes ; for example , the Doctor in the Cushing films was a human who had built a time-travelling device named Tardis , instead of a mysterious alien who stole a device called " the TARDIS " .
In the context of the dangers of solar flare s , he said , " Because we are exploring the frontiers of technology , some people think Concorde will be avoiding solar flares like Dr. Who avoiding Daleks .
The Trust offers small public tours on a seasonal basis and only by reservation .
Engine flame-out then occurred and , shorn of thrust nose-down momentum , K7 experienced a gliding episode in strong ground effect with increasing angle-of-attack ( AoA ) , before completely leaving the water at her static stability pitch-up limit of 5.2 ° .
Campbell had been killed instantly .
In between are mixed economies .
History Economic writings date from earlier Mesopotamia n , Greek , Roman , Indian subcontinent , Chinese , Persian , and Arab civilizations .
The sunward edge of the bow shock is located at about 13 times the radius of the Earth .
A German attack on these vessels resulted in the Battle of Dover Strait in 1917 .
It is governed by International Law as described in this document .
Restaurants The tower has two restaurants : Le 58 tour Eiffel , on the first floor above sea level ; and the Le Jules Verne , a gastronomical restaurant on the second floor , with a private lift .
Although ancient Greek philosophers believed in individual virtue ethics , philosophers like " Plato , Aristotle , and the Stoics [ did ] not accept the formal principle that whatever the good is , we should seek only our own good , or prefer it to the good of others . "
Ethical egoism has been alleged as the basis for immorality .
Although she greatly admired Jefferson , she also wrote : In The Moral Point of View , Kurt Baier objects that ethical egoism provides no moral basis for the resolution of conflicts of interest , which , in his opinion , form the only vindication for a moral code .
This extension has been dubbed " eco-evo-devo " .
Fitness is measured by an organism 's ability to survive and reproduce , which determines the size of its genetic contribution to the next generation .
Each population within an ecosystem occupies a distinct niche , or position , with distinct relationships to other parts of the system .
Examples include pseudogene s , the non-functional remains of eyes in blind cave-dwelling fish , wings in flightless birds , and the presence of hip bones in whales and snakes .
His father died just before he was thirteen .
Europe is now generally defined by geographers as the westernmost peninsula of Eurasia , with its boundaries marked by large bodies of water to the north , west and south ; Europe 's limits to the far east are usually taken to be the Urals , the Ural River , and the Caspian Sea ; to the south-east , including the Caucasus Mountains , the Black Sea and the waterways connecting the Black Sea to the Mediterranean Sea .
A struggle for influence between the nobility and the monarchy in England led to the writing of the Magna Carta and the establishment of a parliament .
Eastern Europe experienced more than 150 famines in a 200-year period between 1501 to 1700 .
In the Mediterranean , many olive trees have been planted , which are very well adapted to its arid climate ; Mediterranean Cypress is also widely planted in southern Europe .
But at the very next moment , when the hearer is about to embark upon the venture of knowing whether he knows p , doubts may arise . "
For example , the skills , rules , and knowledge taxonomy of human behavior has been used by designers to develop systems that are compatible with multiple " ways of knowing " : abstract analytic reasoning , experience-based ' gut feelings ' , and ' craft ' sensorimotor skills .
These include Esperanto Island in Zed Islands off Livingston Island , and the asteroids 1421 Esperanto and 1462 Zamenhof discovered by Finnish astronomer and Esperantist Yrjö Väisälä .
For each of these fields there exists considerable overlap , especially in the areas of the application of sciences to their disciplines such as physics , chemistry and mathematics .
Scientists may also have to complete engineering tasks , such as designing experimental apparatus or building prototypes .
An encyclopedia ( also spelled encyclopaedia or encyclopædia ) is a type of reference work – a compendium holding a summary of information from either all branches of knowledge or a particular branch of knowledge .
Encyclopedias are divided into article s or entries , which are usually accessed alphabetically by article name .
Several Enigma machines are exhibited at the National Codes Centre in Bletchley Park , the Science Museum in London , the Polish Institute and Sikorski Museum in London , the Polish Army Museum in Warsaw , the Armémuseum ( Swedish Army Museum ) in Stockholm , the National Signals Museum in Finland , and at the Australian War Memorial and in the foyer of the Defence Signals Directorate , both in Canberra , Australia .
Following Buchner 's example , enzymes are usually named according to the reaction they carry out .
However , other enzyme inhibitors are poisons .
The latter case with the function f can be expressed by a commutative triangle .
Notation and formal definition An equivalence relation is a binary relation satisfying three properties : The equivalence class of an element is denoted and may be defined as the set of elements that are related to by .
Stories are still told in the early forms , for example , around a fire while camping , or when listening to the stories of another culture as a tourist . "
Hunting wild animals , for example , was introduced into the Roman Empire from Carthage and became a popular public entertainment and spectacle , supporting an international trade in wild animals .
Hence , stories and activities , whether in books , film , or video games were developed specifically for child audiences .
They might be a part of a celebration , such as a wedding or New Year ( 6 , 8 ) ; or a cultural ritual with a specific purpose , such as a dance by warrior s like a haka ( 7 ) .
Sometimes the climate offers a chance to adapt another sport such as in the case of ice hockey which is an important entertainment in Canada .
The list of serious incidents at nightclubs includes those caused by stampede ; overcrowding ; terrorism , such as the 2002 Bali bombings that targeted a nightclub ; and especially fire .
Ethers ( ) are a class of organic compound s that contain an ether group — an oxygen atom connected to two alkyl or aryl groups — of general formula R – O – R ' .
A typical example is the solvent and anesthetic diethyl ether , commonly referred to simply as " ether " ( CH3-CH2-O-CH2-CH3 ) .
This page attempts to list the many extinct sovereign states , countries , nation s , empire s or territories that have ceased to exist as political entities , grouped geographically and by constitutional nature .
Criteria for inclusion The criteria for inclusion in this list is similar to that of the List of states with limited recognition .
Loxodonta branched off earliest , around the Miocene and Pliocene boundary , while Mammuthus and Elephas diverged later during the early Pliocene .
Elephants are capable swimmers .
Adults and most of the other young will gather around the newborn , touching and caressing it with their trunks .
By nine months , mouth , trunk and foot coordination is perfected .
Lindsay adds that it is important to reclaim the specific word " Morality " because of the connotations it holds with many individuals .
Presley undertook three brief tours during the year , continuing to generate a crazed audience response .
After another two full days of raging , Red West , his friend and bodyguard , felt compelled to get a price for a contract killing and was relieved when Presley decided , " Aw hell , let 's just leave it for now .
Parker effectively ended the relationship , deliberately or not , with the new contract he sent Leiber in early 1958 .
In this regard , Little Richard said of Presley , " He was an integrator .
The total number of his original master recordings has been variously calculated as 665 and 711 .
Steve Frankel was the only carpenter on set , which made him the art direction 's sole contributor .
Alec Nove argues that in " Economic Calculation in the Socialist Commonwealth " von Mises " tends to spoil his case by the implicit assumption that capitalism and optimum resource allocation go together " , Economist Joan Robinson argues many prices in modern capitalism are effectively " administered prices " created by " quasi monopolies " , thus challenging the connection between capital markets and rational resource allocation .
Although the Period takes its name from the Ediacara Hills where geologist Reg Sprigg first discovered fossils of the eponymous biota in 1946 , the type section is located in the bed of the Enorama Creek within Brachina Gorge in the Flinders Ranges of South Australia , at .
Early modern philosophy The early modern treatment of the subject derives from Antoine Arnauld and Pierre Nicole 's Logic , or The Art of Thinking , better known as the Port-Royal Logic , first published in 1662 .
He homogenized the liver into a membrane fraction and soluble fraction ( phosphorylase is soluble ) , added norepinephrine to the membrane fraction , extracted its soluble products , and added them to the first soluble fraction .
The Union 's membership has grown from the original six founding states — Belgium , France , ( then - West ) Germany , Italy , Luxembourg and the Netherlands — to the present-day 27 by successive enlargements as countries acceded to the treaties and by doing so , pooled their sovereignty in exchange for representation in the institutions .
Foreign relations Foreign policy cooperation between member states dates from the establishment of the Community in 1957 , when member states negotiated as a bloc in international trade negotiations under the Common Commercial Policy .
The High Representative heads up the European External Action Service ( EEAS ) , a unique EU department that has been officially implemented and operational since 1 December 2010 on the occasion of the first anniversary of the entry into force of the Treaty of Lisbon .
Many countries have experienced falling church attendance and membership in recent years .
Easter ( ; Greek Paskha , from Pesaḥ ) is a Christian festival and holiday celebrating the resurrection of Jesus Christ on the third day after his crucifixion at Calvary as described in the New Testament .
The high point of the liturgy is the delivery of Paschal Homily of St. John Chrysostom , for which the congregation stands .
Euphoria may also refer to : In musical albums : In songs : In musical groups : In television : In computing : Euphoria may also be : See also
Recent work In 2003 , Morris won the Oscar for Best Documentary for The Fog of War , a film about the career of Robert S. McNamara , the Secretary of Defense during the Vietnam War under Presidents John F. Kennedy and Lyndon B. Johnson .
Born in rural Connecticut , Allen had a frontier upbringing but also received an education that included some philosophical teachings .
Allen had the work , which historian Charles Jellison describes as " rebellion in print " , printed in Connecticut , and began selling and giving away copies in early 1775 .
On September 8 , Schuyler sent Allen and Massachusetts Major John Brown , who had also been involved in the capture of Ticonderoga , into the countryside between St. John and Montreal to spread the word of their arrival to the habitant s and the Indians .
He was unsupportive of the cause , in spite of Shays ' offer to crown him " king of Massachusetts " ; he felt that Shays was just trying to erase unpayable debts .
The current president of Ecuador , Rafael Correa , exercises his power from the presidential Palacio de Carondelet in Quito .
By the 1850s the Quito mint was not receiving enough precious metals to justify its operation .
The first and most substantial wave of modern immigration to Ecuador consisted of Spanish colonists , following the arrival of Europeans in 1499 .
Currently the most successful football club in Ecuador is LDU Quito , and it is the only Ecuadorian club that have won the Copa Libertadores , the Copa Sudamericana and the Recopa Sudamericana ; they were also runners-up in the 2008 FIFA Club World Cup .
Industrial development had also progressed , stimulated by the new oil wealth as well as Ecuador 's preferential treatment under the provisions of the Andean Common Market ( Ancom , also known as the Andean Pact ) .
La Sierra ( the highlands ) The central belt of Ecuador that includes the Andes Mountains , inland from the coast ; with volcanoes and mountain peaks that sport year-round snow on the equator ; many areas long since deforested by agriculture ; a number of cut-flower growing operations ; at a certain altitude zone may be found cloud forests .
Today 's population is distributed more evenly between the " Sierra " and the " Costa " ( the coastal lowlands ) region .
Other people might use cholo to designate an intermediate category between Indian and mestizo .
In the small Chota Valley of the province of Imbabura exist a small community of Africans among the provinces predominantly mestizo population .
The new constitution strengthens the executive branch by eliminating mid-term congressional elections and by circumscribing Congress ' power to challenge cabinet ministers .
Rafael Correa defeated Alvaro Noboa in a run-off election , or second and final round .
Thus , before the Aswan High Dam was completed in 1971 , the White Nile watered the Egyptian stretch of the river throughout the year , whereas the Blue Nile , carrying seasonal rain from Ethiopia , caused the Nile to overflow its banks and deposit a layer of fertile mud over adjacent fields .
Archaeological research indicates that people once lived at a much higher elevation along the river than they do today , probably because the river was higher or the floods more severe .
El Salvador ( , literally " Republic of The Savior " ) is the smallest and the most densely populated country in Central America .
The country 's capital city and largest city is San Salvador ; Santa Ana and San Miguel are also important cultural and commercial centers in the country as well as Central America .
It was later referred to as La Matanza ( The Massacre ) , because tens of thousands of peasants were slaughtered on the orders of President Martinez .
Legislative power is vested in both the government and the Legislative Assembly .
While Salvadoran education levels have gone up , wage expectations have risen faster than either skills or productivity .
In the fall , Livingston Airlines will initiate the only direct flight between Europe ( departing from Milan ) and El Salvador .
It is a layered cake that is soaked in orange marmalade and sprinkled with powdered sugar .
It is El Salvador 's only navigable river , it and its tributaries drain about half the country .
Protestant groups compromise 21.2 % of the population .
Executive power is exercised by the government .
It was one of the first countries that aided Salvadorian government and people during the 2011 floods .
With an area of Equatorial Guinea is one of the smallest countries in continental Africa .
It also includes several small offshore islands ( such as Corisco , Elobey Grande , and Elobey Chico ) .
Apart from the Spanish cities of Ceuta and Melilla on the coast of Morocco , it is the only country in mainland Africa whose de jure official language is Spanish .
Some Equatorial Guinean communities are also to be found in Latin America , the United States , Portugal , and France .
Somewhere between $ 3 million and $ 20 million was expended on the failed coup , which is said to have had the tacit support of some Western governments and international corporations .
Since independence , the two Presidents ( Macías and Obiang ) have been the dominant political forces in Equatorial Guinea .
However , the government budget still does not include all revenues and expenditures .
The Equatoguineans rely on foreigners to operate and maintain this equipment as they are not sufficiently trained to do so .
The region was first referred to as Ma'ikele Bahr ( " between the seas/rivers , " i.e. the land between the Red Sea and the Mereb river ) , renamed under Emperor Zara Yaqob as the domain of the Bahr Negash , called Midri Bahri ( Tigrinya : " Sea land , " though it included some areas like Shire on the other side of the Mereb , today in Ethiopia ) until the modern day , when its name was changed to Mereb Mellash ( beyond the river Mereb ) under the rule of Yohannes IV , the locals referred to this area as Midri Bahri .
Inflation continues to be a problem in Eritrea , particularly as years of drought push grain prices higher and defense expenditures remain high .
The major markets for Eritrean goods were China , Egypt , Italy , Saudi Arabia , Sudan , and the UK .
It is known that Eritrea played a role in bringing about the peace agreement [ between the Southern Sudanese and Government ] , " while the Sudanese Government and Eastern Front rebels have requested Eritrea to mediate peace talks .
At the conclusion of the proceedings , both nations acquiesced to the 1998 decision which said sovereignty should be shared .
The two largest islands are Saaremaa ( literally , island land ) , at , and Hiiumaa , at .
Languages Many languages are spoken in Estonia , including Estonian ( official ) , Russian , Ukrainian , English , Finnish , German and others .
Some international experts and journalists , who like to view the three Baltic states as a single economic identity , have failed to notice that Estonia has constantly performed better than Lithuania and Latvia on many fundamental indicators .
Telecommunications in Ethiopia is a monopoly in the control of Ethio Telecom , formerly the Ethiopian Telecommunications Corporation ( ETC ) ; all telephone service and internet access requires Ethio Telecom to be involved .
As of 2011 , 14.127 million cellular phone s and 829,000 main line phones were in use .
Peacekeeping Ethiopia has served in various United Nations and African Union peacekeeping missions .
Today , Ethiopia is a major economic partner of Djibouti and Sudan , although border demarcation negotiations are still ongoing with the Omar Al-Bashir administration .
Books I – IV and VI discuss plane geometry .
By the end of the period , deciduous forests covered large parts of the northern continents , including North America , Eurasia and the Arctic , and rainforests held on only in equatorial South America , Africa , India and Australia .
The city had 218,559 inhabitants ( November 2012 ) and 261,082 if adjacent Veldhoven is included , making it the fifth-largest city of the Netherlands and the largest of North Brabant .
Through Ericsson Mobile Platforms , LM Ericsson licenses open-standard , end-to-end interoperability tested GSM/EDGE and WCDMA technology platforms .
An important and much quoted study of the Anatidae ( ducks and geese ) by Heinroth used this technique .
The far-fields propagate without ability for the transmitter to affect them , and this causes them to be independent in the sense that their existence and their energy , after they have left the transmitter , is completely independent of both transmitter and receiver .
See the main article referenced above .
He left New York in May , and arrived in Paris as the city was under bombardment from German artillery .
While recuperating he fell in love for the first time , with Agnes von Kurowsky , a Red Cross nurse seven years his senior .
The Hemingway family suffered a series of accidents and health problems in the years following the war : in a 1945 car accident he " smashed his knee " and sustained another " deep wound on his forehead " ; Mary broke first her right ankle and then her left in successive skiing accidents .
By the end of 2006 The Egyptian Lover went into the studio with Jamie Jupiter and recorded " UFO " and " Futuristic " for Jupiter 's new 12 " single ( never released ) .
Some scholars also see in Urartian art , architecture , language , and general culture traces of kinship to the Etruscans of the Italian peninsula .
Tombs identified as Etruscan date from the Villanovan period to about 100 BC , when presumably the cemeteries were abandoned in favor of Roman ones .
Difficulties with elections In many countries with weak rule of law , the most common reason why elections do not meet international standards of being " free and fair " is interference from the incumbent government .
Its location in the city is fixed by the Amsterdam Treaty along with other major institutions .
Shareholders Although the ECB is governed by European law directly and thus not by corporate law applying to private law companies , its set-up resembles that of a corporation in the sense that the ECB has shareholders and stock capital .
However , this duality is best demonstrated in experiments with electrons , due to their tiny mass .
Production Europium is associated with the other rare earth elements and is therefore mined together with them .
Another large source for rare earth elements is the loparite found on the Kola peninsula .
Museums Erfurt has a great variety of museums : Theatre Since 2003 , the modern opera house is home to Theater Erfurt and its Philharmonic Orchestra .
Thompson died at the age of 69 in Worcester .
( Letter to Hunter at the Royal Society , as above ) Jenner 's nephew assisted in the study .
On 20 July 2011 , Encyclopædia Britannica , Inc. announced that Concentric Sky had ported the Britannica Kids product line to Intel 's Intel Atom - based Netbooks .
Stockhausen stated that his listeners had told him his electronic music gave them an experience of " outer space , " sensations of flying , or being in a " fantastic dream world " .
Following the lead of the Cologne studio established in 1953 , Japan 's NHK company established one of the world 's leading electronic music facilities in Tokyo , the NHK Studio , in 1954 , equipping it with technologies such as tone-generating and audio processing equipment , recording and radiophonic equipment , Ondes Martenot , Monochord and Melochord , sine wave oscillator s , tape recorders , ring modulator s , band-pass filter s , and four & eight channel mixer s. Musicians associated with the studio included Toshiro Mayuzumi , Minao Shibata , Joji Yuasa , Toshi Ichiyanagi , and Toru Takemitsu .
He founded the S 2F M ( Studio de Fonologia Musicale di Firenze ) in 1963 in order to experiment with electronic sound and composition .
Tchaikovsky thought very highly of Grieg 's music , praising its beauty , originality and warmth .
Their contributions gave the North additional manpower that was significant in winning the war .
He was not a part of the Prussian aristocracy which dominated the German high command , and as such he was looked upon somewhat suspiciously by the Wehrmacht 's traditional power structure .
Rommel was not mollified , and insisted on a correction . "
Here 7th Panzer Division attempted to cut off the British Expeditionary Force from the coast .
This weakened the ability of the army to control and respond to the battle .
Evanston : Northwestern University Press .
Parts : A Study in Ontology '' .
Baseball-related euphemisms also abound for the " equipment " ; " Bat and balls " are a common reference to the male genitalia , while " glove " or " mitt " can refer to the female anatomy .
Gangland euphemisms for murder include ventilate , whack , rub out , liquidate , cut down , hit , take him for a ride , string him up , cut down to size , or " put him in cement boots , " " sleep with the fishes " or " put him in a concrete overcoat , " the latter three implying disposal in deep water , if then alive by drowning ; the arrangement for a killing may be a simple " contract " with the victim referred to as the " client , " which suggests a normal transaction of business .
Electricity generation is the process of generating electrical power from other sources of primary energy .
The fundamental principles of electricity generation were discovered during the 1820s and early 1830s by the British scientist Michael Faraday .
However , note that the estimates for the items obtained in the second experiment have errors that correlate with each other .
They may have been expecting verses similar to the satirical ones Poe had been writing about commanding officers .
He placed a few stories with a Philadelphia publication and began work on his only drama , Politian .
This announcement will startle many , but few will be grieved by it . " "
Griswold somehow became Poe 's literary executor and attempted to destroy his enemy 's reputation after his death .
In Boston , a commemorative plaque on Boylston Street is several blocks away from the actual location of Poe 's birth .
In addition , electricity permits the creation and reception of electromagnetic radiation such as radio waves .
In the following diagram , the arrows denote implication : Any two endomorphisms of an abelian group A can be added together by the rule ( ƒ + g ) ( a ) = ƒ ( a ) + g ( a ) .
Since Switzerland rejected the EEA in 1992 , referenda on EU membership have been initiated , the last time in 2001 .
The two largest groups are the European People 's Party ( EPP ) and the Socialists & Democrats ( S&D ) .
The first head of protocol in the Parliament was French , so many of the duties in the Parliament are based on the French model first developed following the French Revolution .
Carbon dioxide and water together enable the storage of solar energy in sugars and starches , such as glucose .
Aliens have often been depicted as having light green or grey skin , with a large head , as well as four limbs — i.e. fundamentally humanoid .
Therefore , not every choice is perceived as having dreadful possible consequences ( and , it can be claimed , human lives would be unbearable if every choice facilitated dread ) .
Charlie Kaufman 's Synecdoche , New York focuses on the protagonist 's desire to find existential meaning .
Many plot features are similar as well : the characters pass time by playing Questions , impersonating other characters , and interrupting each other or remaining silent for long periods of time .
The crux of the play is the lengthy dialogue concerning the nature of power , fate , and choice , during which Antigone says that she is , " ... disgusted with [ the ] ... promise of a humdrum happiness . "
By the 1810s , William Hyde Wollaston made improvements to the galvanic cell .
With a population of 495,360 in 2011 ( up 1.9 % from 2010 ) , it is the largest settlement in Lothian and lies at the centre of a larger urban zone of approximately 850,000 people .
The city 's name is recorded as " Edenesburch " in a charter ( in Latin ) passed during the 1170s by King William the Lion , confirming the grant of 1124 .
The possibility of building a second runway to cope with an increased number of aircraft movements has also been mooted .
Generally , larger firms have grown at the expense of smaller ones , as they are able to use economies of scale and offer lower prices .
jpg | '' Battle of the Kearsarge and the Alabama , '' Philadelphia Museum of Art , 1864 .
An ESS is an equilibrium refinement of the Nash equilibrium .
A Nash equilibrium is presumed to be stable even if T scores equally , on the assumption that there is no long-term incentive for players to adopt T instead of S. This fact represents the point of departure of the ESS .
ESS and human behavior The fields of sociobiology and evolutionary psychology attempt to explain animal and human behavior and social structures , largely in terms of evolutionarily stable strategies .
As a result , they can be used to explain human behaviours that lack any genetic influences .
The domain Archaea contains renowned examples , but extremophiles are present in numerous and diverse gene tic lineages of bacteria and archaeans .
The idea of creating artificial intelligence led some computer scientists to believe that teachers could be replaced by computers , through something like an expert system ; however , attempts to accomplish this have predictably proved inflexible .
There are documented cases of specific school projects that have seen views toppling the 3 million mark .
There were 7,867 housing units at an average density of .
Eugene ( ) is a major city of the Pacific Northwest located in the state of Oregon .
It is the second-largest city in the U.S. state of Oregon and the county seat of Lane County .
The " Ems " play their home games in PK Park , also the home of the University of Oregon baseball team .
The Pacifica Radio affiliate is the University of Oregon student-run radio station , KWVA .
In 1838 The Seraphim and Other Poems appeared , the first volume of Elizabeth 's mature poetry to appear under her own name .
This framework forms a panarchy and exhibits non-linear behaviors ; this means that " effect and cause are disproportionate , so that small changes to critical variables , such as the number of nitrogen fixers , can lead to disproportionate , perhaps irreversible , changes in the system properties . "
Omnivores do not fit neatly into a functional category because they eat both plant and animal tissues .
If sea otters are removed from the system , the urchins graze until the kelp beds disappear and this has a dramatic effect on community structure .
The term was formally introduced in 1921 , but many sociologists , geographers , psychologists , and other disciplines were interested in human relations to natural systems centuries prior , especially in the late 19th century .
Ecological traits , such as allocation of biomass in trees during growth are subject to mechanical failure as gravitational forces influence the position and structure of branches and leaves .
Alfred J. Lotka brought in many theoretical concepts applying thermodynamic principles to ecology .
Counter-clockwise - the opposite of clockwise - in a ring , move right .
Figure of 8 - a weaving figure in which dancers pass between two standing people and move around them in a figure 8 pattern .
So far , the following two ( equivalent ) properties have been introduced :1 .
The number is the unique positive real number such that The following three characterizations can be proven equivalent :3 .
Google was also responsible for a billboard that appeared in the heart of Silicon Valley , and later in Cambridge , Massachusetts ; Seattle , Washington ; and Austin , Texas .
Paradoxical versions of the Epimenides problem are closely related to a class of more difficult logical problems , including the liar paradox , Russell 's paradox , and the Burali-Forti paradox , all of which have self-reference in common with Epimenides .
Implementation The Ericsson Erlang implementation loads virtual machine bytecode which is converted to threaded code at load time .
Noether 's Theorem Noether 's ( first ) theorem ( 1918 ) states that any differentiable symmetry of the action of a physical system has a corresponding conservation law .
By this time , Burroughs and Emma had two children , Joan ( 1908 – 1972 ) , who would later marry Tarzan film actor James Pierce , and Hulbert ( 1909 – 1991 ) .
Moses comes down from the mountain , smashes the stone tablets in anger , and commands the Levites to massacre the unfaithful Israelites .
A more complex interpretation looks to an old practice of coin age .
See also References External links
After playing cards at Countess Batthyány 's on the evening of 20 April he returned to his bed at the Stadtpalais .
It is said that during a visit to Alde House around 1860 , one evening while sitting by the fireside , Garrett and Davies selected careers for advancing the frontiers of women 's rights ; Garrett was to open the medical profession to women , Davies the doors to a university education for women , while 13-year-old Millicent was allocated politics and votes for women .
In 1874 , Henry Maudsley ’s article on Sex and Mind in Education , which argued that education for women caused over-exertion and thus reduced their reproductive capacity , sometimes causing “ nervous and even mental disorders ” .
This method produced some of the many thousands of lake basins that dot the edge of the Canadian Shield .
Loss of total phosphorus , for instance , in the finer eroded fraction is greater relative to the whole soil .
This group has , as a Lie group , the same dimension and is the connected component of identity of .
For example , Caucasians who move from a northern climate to the equator will have darker skin .
Interactions with non-kin / reciprocity Although interactions with non-kin are generally less altruistic compared to those with kin , cooperation can be maintained with non-kin via mutually beneficial reciprocity as was proposed by Robert Trivers .
Changing economic times and business strategies changed the relationship during the 1980s and 1990s .
Overall , 29.5 % of the university staff was non-Dutch .
Electronegativities of the elements Methods of calculation Pauling electronegativity Pauling first proposed the concept of electronegativity in 1932 as an explanation of the fact that the covalent bond between two different atoms ( A – B ) is stronger than would be expected by taking the average of the strengths of the A – A and B – B bonds .
The English Civil War ( 1642 – 1651 ) was a series of armed conflicts and political machinations between Parliamentarians ( Roundhead s ) and Royalists ( Cavalier s ) .
The first ( 1642 – 46 ) and second ( 1648 – 49 ) civil wars pitted the supporters of King Charles I against the supporters of the Long Parliament , while the third war ( 1649 – 51 ) saw fighting between supporters of King Charles II and supporters of the Rump Parliament .
Jane Ohlmeyer discarded and replaced the historical title " English Civil War " with the titles the " Wars of the Three " and the " British Civil Wars " , positing that the civil war in England can not be understood isolated from events in other parts of Great Britain and Ireland ; King Charles I remains crucial , not just as King of England , but also because of his relationship with the peoples of his other realms .
This problem is illustrated on the associated plot of the equations .
In the mid-1890s , Thayer contributed several other comic poems for Hearst 's New York Journal and then turned to overseeing his family 's mills in Worcester full-time .
A B Ba Be – Bo Br – By C Ca – Ci Cl Co – Cu D Da – Do Dr – Dy E – F G Ga – Go Gr – Gy H Ha – He Hi – Hu I – K L La – Ln Lo – Ly M Ma – Mi Mo – Mu N – O P – Q R Ra – Ri Ro – Ru S Sa – Si Sk – Sq St – Sy T – V W Wa – We Wh – Wy X – Z Lists of English language poets by nationality See also
In music , an eight-bar blues is a typical blues chord progression , " the second most common blues form , " " common to folk , rock , and jazz forms of the blues , " taking eight 4/4 or 12/8 bars to the verse .
Examples include " Sitting on Top of the World " and " Key to the Highway " , " Trouble in Mind " and " Stagolee " . "
Ecuador and the U.S. agreed in 1999 to a 10-year arrangement whereby U.S. military surveillance aircraft could use the airbase at Manta , Ecuador , as a Forward Operating Location to detect drug trafficking flights through the region .
Nevertheless , the rules for eight-ball may be the most contested of any billiard game .
What is considered a foul further diverges from established , published rulesets .
Strigiformes Typical owl s and barn-owl s. Caprimulgiformes Nightjar s and allies .
Use Flaming Flaming occurs when a person sends a message with angry or antagonistic content .
She stated , " Everyone just learns that they have to have it dinging and flashing and open just in case the boss e-mails , " she said . "
Internet email may travel and be stored on networks and computers without the sender 's or the recipient 's control .
It is also commonly used for representing a great admiration ( sometimes with an overtone of sarcasm ) for someone else 's view or action .
In the Latter Day Saint movement , an evangelist is an ordained office of the ministry .
In some denominations of the movement , an evangelist is referred to as a patriarch ( see Patriarch ( Latter Day Saints ) ) .
The elegiac couplet is a poetic form used by Greek lyric poets for a variety of themes usually of smaller scale than the epic .
Roman poets , particularly Ovid , adopted the same form in Latin many years later .
The first seven councils recognised in both East and West as ecumenical and several others to which such recognition is refused were called by the Byzantine emperors .
Technological advances , most notably in high-resolution spectroscopy , led to the rapid detection of many new exoplanets : astronomers could detect exoplanets indirectly by measuring their gravitational influence on the motion of their parent stars .
But in addition , statistical analysis indicates that lower-mass stars ( red dwarf s , of spectral category M ) are less likely to have planets massive enough to detect .
Planets with low density are inferred to be composed mainly of hydrogen and helium , while planets of intermediate density are inferred to have water as a major constituent .
He encouraged her vigorously , telling her that she was " to take my place when I am gone . "
In essays like " The Hypocrisy of Puritanism " and a speech entitled " The Failure of Christianity " , Goldman made more than a few enemies among religious communities by attacking their moralistic attitudes and efforts to control human behavior .
She authored six books , including an autobiography , Living My Life , and a biography of fellow anarchist Voltairine de Cleyre .
Its name is Latin for ' little horse ' , a foal .
In December 1982 , the CWRIC issued its findings in Personal Justice Denied , concluding that the incarceration of Japanese Americans had not been justified by military necessity .
Munch portrayed women either as frail , innocent sufferers ( see Puberty and Love and Pain ) or as the cause of great longing , jealousy and despair ( see Separation , Jealousy and Ashes ) .
Munch Museum , Oslo Self-portraits File : Edvard Munch - Self-Portrait - Google Art Project ( 533070 ) .
The existing process may therefore assume that goods are typically received before the invoice .
Its name derives from the astronaut " standing up " in the open hatch , usually to film or assist a spacewalking astronaut .
The coulomb is defined as the quantity of charge that has passed through the cross section of an electrical conductor carrying one ampere within one second .
They also noted that if they rubbed the amber for long enough , they could even get an electric spark to jump .
One of the foremost experts on electricity in the 18th century was Benjamin Franklin , who argued in favour of a one - fluid theory of electricity .
This was contested in Gibbons v. Ogden ( 22 U.S. 1 ) ( 1824 ) , which decided that the regulation of interstate commerce fell under the authority of the federal government , thus influencing competition in the newly developing steam ferry service in New York Harbor .
Euripides however was more fortunate than the other tragedians in the survival of a second edition of his work , compiled in alphabetical order as if from a set of his collect works , but without scholia attached .
For example the marine aspect of the end-Cretaceous extinction appears to have been caused by several processes which partially overlapped in time and may have had different levels of significance in different parts of the world .
He called the decomposition of a group into its left and right coset s a proper decomposition if the left and right cosets coincide , which is what today is known as a normal subgroup .
A frequent theme was the social life of Ennius himself and his upper-class Roman friends and their intellectual conversation .
Eris said to them , " Whosoever finishes thine task last shall have to present the other with a female servant ! "
The European Convention on Human Rights ( ECHR ) ( formally the Convention for the Protection of Human Rights and Fundamental Freedoms ) is an international treaty to protect human rights and fundamental freedoms in Europe .
Drafted in 1950 by the then newly formed Council of Europe , the convention entered into force on 3 September 1953 .
Any person who feels his or her rights have been violated under the Convention by a state party can take a case to the Court .
Another significant set of violations concerns the " confrontation clause " of Article 6 ( i.e. the right to examine witnesses or have them examined ) .
The Legislative Council was expanded to allow representation to the major goldfields and Peter Lalor and John Basson Humffray were elected for Ballarat , although there were property qualifications with regards to eligibility to vote in upper house elections in Victoria .
The surviving of the 35mm film ( 5 mins @ 18fps ) is stored at the National Film and Sound Archive .
Pre-production Carpenter had just made Dark Star but no one wanted to hire him as a director , so he assumed that he would make it in Hollywood as a screenwriter .
Ezra in Islam In Islam he is known as Uzair ( Arabic : عزير ) .
His tomb at Al-ʻUzair on the banks of the Tigris near Basra , Iraq , is a pilgrimage site for the local Marsh Arabs .
Elijah not only challenges Baal on behalf of his own God , Yahweh , he challenges Jezebel , her priests , Ahab , and the people of Israel .
He rolls up his mantle and strikes the water ( ) .
Amsterdam ) , seems nevertheless to be very old ( see Epiphanius , l.c. ) .
Ecclesiasticus In the Wisdom of Jesus ben Sira ( ) his tasks are altered to : 1 ) herald the eschaton , 2 ) calm God ’s fury , 3 ) restore familial peace , and 4 ) restore the 12 tribes .
He later stated that she was buried in Jerusalem .
Prussian Crusade Attempts to conquer Prussian land began in 997 , when Bolesław I Chrobry , at the urging of the Pope , sent a contingent of soldiers and a missionary ( Adalbert of Prague ) to the pagan Prussians , a non-Slavic people , on a crusade of conquest and conversion .
One can see that entropy was discovered through mathematics rather than through laboratory results .
With this we can only obtain the difference of entropy by integrating the above formula .
For such applications , ΔS must be incorporated in an expression that includes both the system and its surroundings , ΔSuniverse = ΔSsurroundings + ΔS system .
Afghanistan signed a copper deal with China ( Metallurgical Corp. of China Ltd. ) in 2008 , which is to a large scale project that involves the investment of $ 2.8 billion dollars by China and an annual income of about $ 400 million dollars to the Afghan government .
The earliest preserved descriptions of elves comes from Norse mythology .
The elves could be seen dancing over meadows , particularly at night and on misty mornings .
Therefore it would be good to depose her .
Haman then pleaded with Esther to save his life .
In the return match in Budapest , Hungary won 7 – 1 .
The parameters A , B , R_1 , R_2 and \ omega are given by several references .
ELF file layout Each ELF file is made up of one ELF header , followed by file data .
There is also a statute allowing European Cooperative Societies .
ETA is the main organisation of the Basque National Liberation Movement and is the most important participant in the Basque conflict .
Victims , tactics and attacks Their aspiration , which was outlined in 1995 in their Democratic Alternative publication , is to force the governments of Spain and France to agree on the following : The organization has adopted from time to time other secondary tactical causes such as fighting against : Victims ETA 's targets have expanded from the former military/police-related personnel and their families , to a wider array , which today includes the following : Tactics ETA 's tactics include : Attacks Activity With its attacks against what they consider " enemies of the Basque people " , ETA has killed over 820 people since 1968 to date , including more than 340 civilians .
Power can be coupled to a load by transformer action with a secondary coil wound on the inductor .
Class-G amplifiers are more efficient than class AB but less efficient when compared to class D , without the negative EMI effects of class D. Class-H amplifiers take the idea of class G one step further creating an infinitely variable supply rail .
It features a typical ( though substantially simplified ) design as found in modern amplifiers , with a class-AB push – pull output stage , and uses some overall negative feedback .
For the basics of radio frequency amplifiers using valves , see Valved RF amplifiers .
Escort carrier tactics when escorting convoys There were three basic tactics for operating an escort carrier in defence of a convoy : HMS Audacity was sunk while operating in the second position which was later banned by the Admiralty as too risky .
His feast day was originally 24 February but was changed to 25 February .
In subject matter , the laws have been compared to the Lex Salica of the Franks , but it is not thought that Æthelberht based his new code on any specific previous model .
Some , such as Kirsopp Lake , find this view less likely .
It is for slaves to submit to their masters in everything ; to satisfy their wants and not to be refractory .
At a committee meeting held in Monaco in January 1955 , director general of Swiss television and committee chairman Marcel Bezençon conceived the idea of an international song contest where countries would participate in one television programme , to be transmitted simultaneously to all countries of the union .
For a reduction in narcotic effects trimix or heliox , gases which also contain helium , are generally used by divers .
Condemnation : The Universal corruption of Gentiles and Jews ( 1-18-3 :20 ) The judgment of God ( 1:18 – 32 ) Paul now begins into the main thrust of his letter .
By all accounts , Eleanor 's father ensured that she had the best possible education .
If you will promise to do this , I in return promise to entreat the merciful Lord to grant you offspring . "
In debt and refused control of Normandy , he tried to ambush his father at Limoges .
Meeting Nick at a cafe , Bill learns that Nick has a following engagement where he must play piano blindfolded , in which Nick claims to have glimpsed beautiful women .
Next morning Bill goes to Nick 's hotel , and the desk clerk ( Alan Cumming ) tells Bill that a bruised and frightened Nick checked out a few hours earlier after returning with two large , dangerous-looking men .
The Codex Regius was written down in the 13th century but nothing is known of its whereabouts until 1643 when it came into the possession of Brynjólfur Sveinsson , then the Church of Iceland 's Bishop of Skálholt .
It was moved to a late Friday night , early Saturday morning slot on BBC One commencing 6 April 2012 .
The remarkable stability of basic embroidery stitches has been noted : In the 16th century , in the reign of the Mughal Emperor Akbar , his chronicler Abu al-Fazl ibn Mubarak wrote in the famous Ain-i-Akbari : " His majesty ( Akbar ) pays much attention to various stuffs ; hence Iran i , Ottoman , and Mongolia n articles of wear are in much abundance especially textiles embroidered in the patterns of Nakshi , Saadi , Chikhan , Ari , Zardozi , Wasli , Gota and Kohra .
Ribbon embroidery uses narrow ribbon in silk or silk / organza blend ribbon , most commonly to create floral motifs .
Educational essentialism is an educational philosophy whose adherents believe that children should learn the traditional basic subjects thoroughly and rigorously .
In this philosophical school of thought , the aim is to instill students with the " essentials " of academic knowledge , enacting a back-to-basics approach .
An electrode is an electrical conductor used to make contact with a nonmetallic part of a circuit ( e.g. a semiconductor , an electrolyte or a vacuum ) .
This reflects Bayes ' theorem .
From the 1970s , Dijkstra 's chief interest was formal verification .
Regulatory authorities in several locations around the world have approved scientific studies administering MDMA to humans to examine its therapeutic potential and its effect s. Medical use There have long been suggestions that MDMA might be useful in psychotherapy , facilitating self-examination with reduced fear .
Harm assessment The UK study placed great weight on the risk for acute physical harm , the propensity for physical and psychological dependency on the drug , and the negative familial and societal impacts of the drug .
Paymaster of the Forces The fall of North led to Rockingham being recalled to power in March 1782 .
I regret to say there is " , Burke said ; " I have indeed made a great sacrifice ; I have done my duty though I have lost my friend .
Burke published his Remarks on the Policy of the Allies with Respect to France , begun in October , where he said : " I am sure every thing has shewn us that in this war with France , one Frenchman is worth twenty foreigners .
Euroscepticism ( sometimes euroskepticism ) is the body of criticism of the European Union ( EU ) , and opposition to the process of political European integration , existing throughout the political spectrum .
Traditionally , the main source of euroscepticism has been the notion that integration weakens the nation state .
Aleks Szczerbiak and Paul Taggart described these as ' hard ' and ' soft ' euroscepticism .
The left wing republican party Sinn Féin is one party which opposes the current structure of the European Union and the direction it is moving in .
Gilson 's emeralds are usually grown on natural colorless beryl seeds , which are coated on both sides .
The phrase began to appear in other areas of Islington throughout the mid-1960s .
This effort is supported by the Top Gun Program enabling HP Enterprise Services technical personnel to dedicate 3 months of their time on joint projects with the Agility Alliance partner on a key technology problem , to create an innovative customer solution .
She made her professional feature film debut in Three For The Road with Charlie Sheen .
In English : We must know .
The Anthology includes one book of Christian epigrams as well as one book of erotic and amorous epigrams called the Μουσα Παιδικη ( Mousa Paidike , " The Boyish Muse " ) .
Babieca Babieca or Bavieca was El Cid 's warhorse .
Thus , again the orthography uses only a single spelling that corresponds to the single morphemic form rather than to the surface phonological form .
Some of these patterns are very rare or unique , such as au for the sound in laugh ( some accents ) .
Sackville-West omitted it from the list of Elgar masterpieces in The Record Guide , and in a long analytical article in The Musical Quarterly , Daniel Gregory Mason criticised the first movement of the concerto for a " kind of sing-songiness ... as fatal to noble rhythm in music as it is in poetry . "
Sources Laws from every stratum of the laws of the United States pertain to environmental issues .
An order for 30 trainsets , to be manufactured in France but with some British and Belgian components , was placed in December 1989 .
On 20 June 1993 , the first Eurostar test train travelled through the tunnel to the UK .
Business Premier fares also slightly undercut air fares on similar routes , targeted at regular business travellers .
and that its remaining carbon emissions are now offset , making its services carbon neutral .
On 15 February 2010 , services between Brussels and London were interrupted following the Halle train collision , this time after the dedicated HSL 1 lines in the suburbs of the Belgian capital were blocked by debris from a serious train crash on the suburban commuter lines alongside .
On 15 April 2010 air traffic in Western Europe closed because of the eruption of the Eyjafjallajökull volcano .
The difficulties that Eurostar faces in expanding its services would also be faced by any potential competitors to Eurostar .
By extension , the term equinox may denote an equinoctial point .
The subsolar point crosses the Equator moving northward at the March equinox and moving southward at the September equinox .
After electroweak symmetry breaking The Lagrangian reorganizes itself after the Higgs boson acquires a vacuum expectation value .
In the ( low seismicity ) United Kingdom , for example , it has been calculated that the average recurrences are : an earthquake of 3.7 – 4.6 every year , an earthquake of 4.7 – 5.5 every 10 years , and an earthquake of 5.6 or larger every 100 years .
Earthquakes that caused the greatest loss of life , while powerful , were deadly because of their proximity to either heavily populated areas or the ocean , where earthquakes often create tsunamis that can devastate communities thousands of kilometers away .
The decade 914 – 924 was spent in destructive warfare between Byzantium and Bulgaria over this and other matters of conflict .
Haiti Haiti was declared an empire by its ruler , Jean-Jacques Dessalines , who made himself Jacques I , in 20 May 1805 .
Because of the cultural influence of China , China 's neighbors adopted these titles or had their native titles conform in hanzi .
Emperor Gojong declared the new era name " Gwangmu " ( Hangul : 광무 , Hanja : 光武 , Warrior of light ) .
– 759 ) , daughter of Tachibana no Sai See also Notes References External links
In 1581 , to convert English subjects to Catholicism with " the intent " to withdraw them from their allegiance to Elizabeth was made a treasonable offence , carrying the death penalty .
Infrared radiation The infrared part of the electromagnetic spectrum covers the range from roughly 300 GHz ( 1 mm ) to 400 THz ( 750 nm ) .
Oxford was wounded and his servant killed , reports conflict as to whether Kynvet was also injured .
Whether the rumour of Oxford 's death was related to the illness mentioned in his letters earlier in the year is unknown .
When the Titan Cronus castrated his father Uranus and threw his genitalia into the sea , the Erinyes emerged from the drops of blood , while Aphrodite was born from the crests of seafoam .
According to his letters , he was associated with the Venetian natural philosopher , Giulio Camillo , but , apart from this , he had a less active association with Italian scholars than might have been expected .
It might be a state effecting imperial policies , or a particular political structure .
Not believing the task feasible , Augeias agreed , asking his son Phyleus to witness .
Bass amplifiers are less likely to have built-in effects , although some may have a compressor / limiter or distortion .
Fuzz : A fuzz pedal or " fuzzbox " is a type of overdrive pedal that clips a sound-wave until it is nearly a squarewave , resulting in a heavily distorted or " fuzzy " sound .
Every rational soul has naturally a good free-will , formed for the choice of what is good .
… The environmental movement is now accurately perceived as just another well-financed and cynical special interest group , its rancid infrastructure supported by Democratic Party operatives and millions in grants from corporate foundations .
In showing the saints this love and requesting their prayers , it is believed by the Orthodox that they thus assist in the process of salvation for others .
, servant ) , which became " deacon " in English ( see also subdeacon ) .
Catechism classes , religious schools , study groups , Sunday schools and religious publications were all illegal or banned .
Dependent upon the method employed , an average density of the loaded charge can be obtained that is within 80 – 99 % of the theoretical maximum density of the explosive .
Before leaving , Lee learns from his teacher that Han 's bodyguard O'Hara had been involved in the death of his sister , Su Lin .
He was instrumental in the development of the Government General Hospital , housed at Fort St. George .
Yale president Arthur Twining Hadley penned the inscription , which reads : " On Pemberton Hill , 255 Feet North of This Spot , Was Born on April Fifth 1649 Elihu Yale , Governor of Madras , Whose Permanent Memorial in His Native Land is the College That Bears His Name . "
The distributor was driven by falling weights or an electric motor .
In mathematics , an elliptic curve ( EC ) is a smooth , projective algebraic curve of genus one , on which there is a specified point O. An elliptic curve is in fact an abelian variety — that is , it has a multiplication defined algebraically , with respect to which it is a ( necessarily commutative ) group — and O serves as the identity element .
Often the curve itself , without O specified , is called an elliptic curve .
If yP = yQ ≠ 0 ( second pane ) , then R = P + P = 2P = ( xR , − yR ) is given by Associativity All of the group laws except associativity follow immediately from the geometrical definition of the group operation .
The elliptic curve and the point 0 are fixed in this animation while a , b and c move independently of each other .
If the characteristic is 2 or 3 , then more terms need to be kept : in characteristic 3 , the most general equation is of the form for arbitrary constants b2 , b4 , b6 such that the polynomial on the right-hand side has distinct roots ( the notation is chosen for historical reasons ) .
Evolution The oldest known fossil s assigned to Equidae date from the early Eocene , 54 million years ago .
George Lucas and Walter Murch incorporated an Eliza-like dialogue interface in their screenplay for the feature film THX-1138 in 1969 .
At the same time , the company changed its corporate name from Standard Oil of New Jersey to Exxon Corporation .
The Exxon Valdez oil spill occurred in Prince William Sound , Alaska , on March 24 , 1989 , when Exxon Valdez , an oil tanker bound for Long Beach , California , struck Prince William Sound 's Bligh Reef and spilled of crude oil .
Édouard Alexandre de Pomiane , sometimes Édouard Pozerski ( Paris , 20 April 1875 – Paris , 26 January 1964 ) was a French scientist , radio broadcaster and food writer .
His parents emigrated from Poland in 1863 , changed their name from Pozerski to de Pomiane , and became French citizens .
As a counter-move , Warwick convinced parliament to free Somerset , which it did on 14 January 1550 .
Cranmer 's formulation of the reformed religion , finally divesting the communion service of any notion of the real presence of God in the bread and the wine , effectively abolished the mass .
Tyrosine is first oxidized to L-DOPA , which is subsequently decarboxylated to give dopamine .
In liver cells , adrenaline binds to the β-adrenergic receptor , which changes conformation and helps Gs , a G protein , exchange GDP to GTP .
After office hours certain " Authorised Users " were allowed to run the machine for themselves , which went on late into the night until a valve blew - which usually happened according to one such user .
The Essendon Football Club , nicknamed The Bombers , is an Australian rules football club which plays in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .
Formed in 1871 as a junior club and as a senior club in 1873 , it is headquartered at the Essendon Recreation Reserve ( Windy Hill ) in the Melbourne suburb of Essendon , Australia but match day home games are played at Etihad Stadium or the Melbourne Cricket Ground .
Blake Caracella , Chris Heffernan ( later returned to the club ) , Justin Blumfield , Gary Moorcroft and Damien Hardwick had all departed by the end of 2002 .
2007 season2007 was a much better season for Essendon , in which , despite significant wins over Adelaide ( twice ) , Fremantle , St Kilda , Sydney ( by one point in Sydney ) , the previous year 's premiers West Coast ( their second successive win by a solitary point ) and Carlton , they missed the finals for the third year running .
The news of Meitner and Frisch 's interpretation of Hahn and Strassmann 's discovery crossed the Atlantic with Niels Bohr , who was to lecture at Princeton University .
F Division consisted of four branches : the F-1 Super and General Theory under Teller , which was responsible for the development of a thermonuclear " Super " ; the F-2 Water Boiler under L. D. P. King , which looked after the " water boiler " research reactor ; F-3 Super Experimentation under E. Bretscher ; and the F-4 Fission Studies under Anderson .
The signal generated by an electric guitar is too weak to drive a loudspeaker , so it is amplified before sending it to a loudspeaker .
Many banjo players use this tuning : DGBE , mostly in Dixieland .
The change ΔH is positive in endothermic reactions , and negative in heat-releasing exothermic processes .
For systems at constant pressure , the change in enthalpy is the heat received by the system .
Human rights Certain clauses in the 1976 constitution effectively circumscribed the exercise of political liberties that the government interpreted as contrary to the established order .
The General Election Law was passed on May 5 , 1925 , giving all men above age 25 the right to vote .
Another notable case was the assassination of moderate Prime Minister Inukai Tsuyoshi in 1932 , which marked the end of civilian control of the military .
From January 7 , until January 31 , the emperor 's formal appellation was .
In the 20th century Emsworth became a resort for pleasure boats .
He was promoted to Admiral of the Fleet on 22 October 1956 .
The basic step in cents for any equal temperament can be found by taking the width of p above in cents ( usually the octave , which is 1200 cents wide ) , called below w , and dividing it into n parts : In musical analysis , material belonging to an equal temperament is often given an integer notation , meaning a single integer is used to represent each pitch .
By early 1787 , he was " straining for the goal " and with great relief the project was finished in June .
One population of H. erectus , also sometimes classified as a separate species Homo ergaster , stayed in Africa and evolved into Homo sapiens .
Bibliography For a recently published bibliography of about 700 titles see : Robert Dankoff : An Evliya Çelebi Bibliography ( PDF , 852 KB ) In Turkish In English In German See also References External links
They are known mainly from inscriptions on statues and stelae left in sacred sites as votive offering s. Funerary texts Among the most significant and extensively preserved Egyptian writings are funerary texts designed to ensure that deceased souls reached a pleasant afterlife .
Educational psychology in turn informs a wide range of specialities within educational studies , including instructional design , educational technology , curriculum development , organizational learning , special education and classroom management .
This causes the student to read through the material without absorbing the information and being able to retain it .
Even in the earliest years of the discipline , educational psychologists recognized the limitations of this new approach .
In his famous series of lectures Talks to Teachers on Psychology , published in 1899 and now regarded as the first educational psychology textbook , James defines education as " the organization of acquired habits of conduct and tendencies to behavior ” .
He also helped with the development of the head start program .
The beginning of the new millennium saw ESA become , along with agencies like NASA , JAXA , ISRO , CSA and Roscosmos , one of the major participants in scientific space research .
They started several bands and pet projects ; Doss and Hart with The Olivia Tremor Control ( then called Synthetic Flying Machine ) , Mangum with Neutral Milk Hotel , and Schneider with The Apples in Stereo .
Overseas missionaries began to prepare for the postwar challenge , most notably the Far Eastern Gospel Crusade ( FEGC ; now named " Send International " ) .
In many cases , evangelical leftists are pacifist ic .
In addition , in fields such as the humanities and social sciences , mid-term and end of term examinations often require students to write a short essay in two or three hours .
It can take a narrative course and a descriptive course .
In information theory and coding theory with applications in computer science and telecommunication , error detection and correction or error control are techniques that enable reliable delivery of digital data over unreliable communication channel s. Many communication channels are subject to channel noise , and thus errors may be introduced during transmission from the source to a receiver .
The objectives of the Centre shall be to develop , and operate on a regular basis , global models and data-assimilation systems for the dynamics , thermodynamics and composition of the Earth 's fluid envelope and interacting parts of the Earth-system , with a view to preparing forecasts by means of numerical methods , providing initial conditions for the forecasts , and contributing to monitoring the relevant parts of the Earth-system .
The ECMWF strategy puts the early warning of severe weather as its principal goal .
See also Notes and references Notes : References : External links
Despite these daunting tasks FLARE has been seen as the most plausible igniter for future application on ETC guns .
Electrical generator s mounted on each of the E-3 's four engines provide one megawatt of electrical power that is required by the E-3 's radars and other electronics .
The radar combined with a secondary surveillance radar to provide a look down to detect , identify and track enemy and friendly low-flying aircraft while eliminating ground clutter returns .
emacs " . )
However , in 1937 , Stalin reversed this policy .
Changes could and did occur in the language , but only by acquiring widespread popular support ; there was no central authority making arbitrary changes , as happened with Volapük and some other languages .
However , Ido has proven to be a rich source of Esperanto vocabulary .
For example , the Esperanto root vid - ( see ) regularly corresponds to several dozen English words : see ( saw , seen ) , sight , blind , vision , visual , visible , nonvisual , invisible , unsightly , glance , view , vista , panorama , observant etc. , though there are also separate Esperanto roots for a couple of these concepts .
Homeostatic/primordial emotion Another neurological approach distinguishes two classes of emotion : " classical " emotions such as love , anger and fear that are evoked by environmental stimuli via distance receptors in the eyes , nose and ears ; and " homeostatic " ( or " primordial " ) emotions – feelings such as pain , hunger and fatigue , evoked by internal body states communicated to the central nervous system by interoceptors , that motivate behavior aimed at maintaining the body 's internal milieu at its ideal state .
Several research centers have sprung up in different countries in the past few years in Germany , England , Spain [ 1 ] , Sweden and Australia .
Emotions themselves are justified by perceptions and beliefs , and are said to be appropriate if and only if the axiological judgments they support are correct .
The essence of God is goodness ; we have all good that could be given to us .
In 599 , an earthquake destroyed buildings throughout Yamato province in what is now Nara Prefecture .
Organization of the law system known as the ritsuryo was continued under the initiatives of Fuhito until his death .
Komyo can refer to :
) ( May 25 , 1334 – January 31 , 1398 ) was the third of Ashikaga Pretenders during the Period of the Northern and Southern Courts in Japan .
According to pre - Meiji scholars , his reign spanned the years from 1348 through 1351 .
He is considered to have been the fifth of eight emperors without specific legends associated with them , also known as the .
Consorts and Children Empress : Mimakihime ( 御間城姫 ) , daughter of Oohiko ( 大彦命 ) Tootsuayumemaguwashihime ( 遠津年魚眼眼妙媛 ) , daughter of Kii no Arakahatobe ( 荒河戸畔 ) Owari no Ooamahime ( 尾張大海媛 ) See also Notes References → See under Nihon shoki for fuller bibliography .
Suinin 's tomb can be visited in Nishi-machi , Amagatsuji , Nara City .
Interestingly , abundant traditions relating to the Imperial family have been passed down by shrines and old-established families in both regions .
In a speech on 15 November 1878 , he informed the general public about the pressing needs of a new hospital building .
Among his many local and international students were Carl Arend ( Bern ) , Oscar Bernhard ( St. Moritz ) , Andrea Crotti ( Ohio ) , Gustave Dardel ( Bern ) , Carl Garrè ( Bonn ) , Gottlieb and Max Feurer ( St. Gallen ) , Anton Fonio ( Langnau ) , Walter Gröbly ( Arbon ) , Carl Kaufmann ( Zurich ) , Albert Kocher ( Bern ) , Joseph Kopp ( Luzern ) , Ernst Kummer ( Geneva ) , Otto Lanz ( Amsterdam ) , Edmond Lardy ( Geneva ) Jakob Lauper ( Interlaken ) , Albert Lüthi ( Thun ) , Hermann Matti ( Bern ) , Charles Pettavel ( Neuenburg ) , Paul Pfähler ( Olten ) , Fritz de Quervain ( La Chaux de Fonds / Basel / Bern ) , August Rickli ( Langenthal ) , Ernst Rieben ( Interlaken ) , August Rollier ( Leysin ) , César Roux ( Lausanne ) , Karl Schuler ( Rorschach ) , Fritz Steinmann ( Bern ) , Albert Vogel ( Luzern ) , Hans Wildbolz ( Bern ) as well as the American neurosurgeon Harvey Cushing .
In 1950 , the Swiss historian Edgar Bonjour ( 1989-1991 ) who was married to Dora Kocher wrote a 136 page monograph on Kocher 's life that was extended again in 1981 .
Enrico Bombieri ( born 26 November 1940 in Milan , Italy ) is a mathematician who has been working at the Institute for Advanced Study in Princeton , New Jersey .
He moved to the USA after receiving his Ph.D. at the University of Milan in 1963 .
She also asked for Tithonus to be made immortal , but forgot to ask for eternal youth , which resulted in him living forever as a helpless old man .
In 1596 Philip II of Spain captured Porto Azzurro and had two fortresses built there .
Ninti , the title of Ninhursag , also means " the mother of all living " , and was a title given to the later Hurrian goddess Kheba .
After dispatching Tiamat with the " arrows of his winds " down her throat ( similar in some respects to how Elohim moves his breath ( ruach ) over the " face of the deep " or " Tehom " , in Genesis 1:2 ) and reconstructing the heavens with the arch of her ribs ( i.e. her " life " ) , Enlil places her tail in the sky as the Milky Way , and her crying eyes become the source of the Tigris and Euphrates .
Eli Herschel Wallach ( born December 7 , 1915 ) is an American film , television and stage actor whose career has spanned more than six decades , beginning in late 1940s .
For his performance as Silva Vacarro in Baby Doll , he won a BAFTA Award for Best Newcomer and a Golden Globe nomination .
Reizei can refer to :
was the 65th emperor of Japan , according to the traditional order of succession .
Kazan 's reign spanned the years from 984 through 986 .
The evaluation for epilepsy surgery is designed to locate the " epileptic focus " ( the location of the epileptic abnormality ) and to determine if resective surgery will affect normal brain function .
In the United Kingdom , a sub-class of pilots license called the National Private Pilot 's License has the same medical requirement standards as the DVLA motoring requirements , hence epileptics with one year absence free can , with certain exceptions , fly over UK airspace in certain types of aircraft .
Eventually , they settled in Poughkeepsie , New York , where Ed Wood , Jr. , was born .
To overcome problems with the main 2 0 0 standard several further documents got released : EDIF 3 0 0 Because of some fundamental weaknesses in the 2 0 0 release a new not compatible release 3 0 0 was released in September 1993 , given the designation of EIA standard EIA-618 .
Most of the EDA vendors produced EDIF 2 0 0 translators , but they were definitely more interested in generating high-quality EDIF readers , and they had absolutely no motivation at all to write any software that generated EDIF ( an EDIF Writer ) , beyond threats from customers of mass migration to another vendor 's software .
North America Winters , during the El Niño effect , are warmer and drier than average in the Northwest , northern Midwest , and northern Mideast United States , so those regions experience reduced snowfalls .
Specifically , El Niño conditions result in high pressure anomalies over the Amundsen and Bellingshausen Seas , causing reduced sea ice and increased poleward heat fluxes in these sectors , as well as the Ross Sea .
As the 2012 , Northern Hemisphere summer started to draw to a close , NOAA stated that El Niño conditions are likely to develop in August or September .
The effects of the CP El Niño are different from those of the traditional EP El Niño — e.g. , the new El Niño leads to more hurricanes more frequently making landfall in the Atlantic .
An especially intense El Niño event in 1998 caused an estimated 16 % of the world 's reef systems to die .
George Lucas commented on the film after its five-hour-long preview , telling Coppola : " You have two films .
Jason Schwartzman has starred in several films , including Rushmore and Slackers .
A universal male conscription is in place , under which all male Finnish nationals above 18 years of age serve for 6 to 12 months of armed service or 12 months of civilian ( non-armed ) service .
Languages Finnish and Swedish are the official languages of Finland .
Most striking was the disparity in wages .
These arise from a basal body or kinetosome , with microtubule roots that are an important part of the cell 's brain .
Many parasites that affect human health or economy are flagellates .
There , a Malayo-Polynesian language ( Malagasy ) is spoken alongside French .
French is an official language in many African countries , most of them former French or Belgian colonies : In addition , French is an administrative language and widely used , though not on an official basis , in Mauritius , where approximately 78 % of the population speak French .
The same words followed by a vowel , however , may sound the consonants , as they do in these examples : beaux-arts , les amis , pied-à-terre .
However , there is in general no preferable isomorphism between two closures .
, starting as :1 , 2 , 12 , 120 , 1680 , 30240 , 665280 , ... .
This enabled film makers to borrow money in Papiermark which would be vastly devalued by the time it had to be repaid .
Other early sound films of note include Berlin Alexanderplatz , Pabst 's Bertolt Brecht adaptation The Threepenny Opera and Lang 's M ( all 1931 ) as well as Hochbaum 's Razzia in Sankt Pauli & produced by Justin Rosenfeld ( 1932 ) .
In total DEFA produced some 900 feature films during its existence as well as around 800 animated films and over 3000 documentaries and short films .
The defining genre of the period was arguably the Heimatfilm ( " homeland film " ) , in which morally simplistic tales of love and family were played out in a rural setting , often in the mountains of Bavaria , Austria or Switzerland .
German films were only rarely distributed internationally as they were perceived as provincial .
In addition , the " aesthetic left " nature of New German Cinema ( in the words of the critic Enno Patalas ) no longer coincided with the spirit of the times .
Work song s frequently feature call and response structures and are designed to enable the laborers who sing them to coordinate their efforts in accordance with the rhythms of the songs .
Folk music of China Archaeological discoveries date Chinese folk music back 7000 years ; it is largely based on the pentatonic scale .
The Hungarian group Muzsikás played numerous American tours and participated in the Hollywood movie The English Patient while the singer Márta Sebestyén worked with the band Deep Forest .
See also Notes and references References These are the references with multiple abbreviated cites with varying page numbers Further reading ( does not include those used as references ) Traditional folk music Contemporary folk music Covering both traditional music and contemporary folk music External links
The results were never published but were acknowledged in Carbon in 1999 .
Sir Harry Kroto , who shared the 1996 Nobel Prize in Chemistry for the discovery of buckyballs commented : " This most exciting breakthrough provides convincing evidence that the buckyball has , as I long suspected , existed since time immemorial in the dark recesses of our galaxy . "
The motto of the school is " Somnia Sunt Circuli Veritatis " , Latin for " Dreams are the Seedlings of Reality " .
Also , since the blobs are undocumented and may have bugs , they pose a security risk to any operating system whose kernel includes them .
In fact , the majority of food consumed by human beings are seed-based foods .
Restaurants Restaurants employ trained chef s who prepare food , and trained waitstaff to serve the customers .
Rising food prices over recent years have been linked with social unrest around the world , including rioting in Bangladesh and Mexico , and the Arab Spring .
International efforts to distribute food to the neediest countries are often coordinated by the World Food Programme .
Commissioner.com launched on January 1 , 1997 and first offered a fantasy baseball commissioner service that changed the nature of fantasy sports with real-time stats , league message boards , daily updated box scores and other features — all for $ 300 per league .
The victory played a large part in defending other cases where sports leagues have tried to suppress live in-game information from their events being distributed by other outlets .
Helen Clark said that the Fijian constitution only allowed the President to request the dissolving of Parliament if the Prime Minister no longer had the confidence of the Parliament and that this was clearly not the case .
Other defensive actions are generally categorised as one percenters .
Friedrich Wilhelm Nietzsche ( or ; ; 15 October 1844 – 25 August 1900 ) was a German philosopher , poet , composer , cultural critic , and classical philologist .
He wrote critic al texts on religion , morality , contemporary culture , philosophy , and science , displaying a fondness for metaphor , irony , and aphorism .
That year he also met Lou Andreas Salomé , through Malwida von Meysenbug and Paul Rée .
Above all , do not mistake me for someone else . "
In 1898 and 1899 Nietzsche suffered at least two strokes , which partially paralysed him and left him unable to speak or walk .
A theme from Stravinsky 's The Rite of Spring is heard during one song .
House rules A common " house rule " in some places is that a player may not replace more than three cards , unless they draw four cards while keeping an ace ( or wild card ) .
Wright scholar and devotee Marc Coleman worked closely with the Frank Lloyd Wright Foundation , dealing with E. Thomas Casey , the last surviving Foundation architect who trained under Wright .
Filk is a musical culture , genre , and community tied to science fiction/fantasy fandom and a type of fan labor .
The genre has been active since the early 1950s , and played primarily since the mid-1970s .
The shape of the disc , an airfoil in cross-section , allows it to fly by generating lift as it moves through the air while spinning .
This means it is likely that the Warrah arrived in the islands long before humans .
In 1971 , following secret talks between the two Governments ( and without consulting the islanders ) , the communications agreement was signed .
Likewise in Sea Lion Island , in 1990 , the Clifton family who had owned the island sold it to the Falkland Island Development Company .
Agriculture Farmland accounts for a little over 80 % of the Falklands land area and a sheep appears on the islands ' coat of arms , but agriculture is now less than 2 % of the economy .
Pre-Norse history Despite speculation that Irish monks may have migrated north to the Faroe Islands long before the Vikings arrived , no certain evidence has been found .
In a Latin account of a voyage made by Saint Brendan , an Irish monastic saint who lived around 484 – 578 , there is a description of “ insulae ” ( islands ) resembling the Faroe Islands .
The bishopric at Kirkjubøur , south of Tórshavn , where remains of the cathedral may be seen , was also abolished .
The Faroes have one of the lowest unemployment rates in Europe , but this is not necessarily a sign of a recovering economy , as many young students move to Denmark and other countries once they are finished with high school .
Eat me ! '
He had also announced the nationwide consultation process leading to the new Constitution under which the 2014 elections will be held .
Swedes Significant populations of Swedish-speakers are found in coastal areas , from Ostrobothnia to the southern coast , and in the archipelago of Åland .
After failed experiments with protectionism , Finland eased restrictions and concluded a free trade agreement with the European Community in 1973 , making its markets more competitive .
Another weak point was the existence of many fields with open drainage ditches needing regular maintenance ; in the mid-1980s , experts estimated that half of the cropland needed improved drainage works .
Pulp and paper industry Forest products has been the major export industry in the past , but diversification and growth of the economy has reduced its share .
Soon after Finland gained independence in December 1917 , a nationalistic , middle-class militia known as the White Guards , which had been secretly established in 1904 and 1905 and which had remained underground since then disguised as athletic clubs and other groups , was officially proclaimed the army of the Finnish government under General Mannerheim .
The collapse of the Soviet Union in 1991 did not annihilate the military threat perceived by the government , but the nature of the threat has changed .
Image : Finnish Army 130 mm Gun M-46 direct fire .
In 1994 , Finland joined NATO 's Partnership for Peace ; the country is also an observer in the North Atlantic Cooperation Council .
Image : Présidence .
This second attempt would again be abandoned following Amerindian attacks .
He is buried in Paris ' Montmartre Cemetery .
The subfactor mentioned in the legislation above , " whether such use is of a commercial nature or is for nonprofit educational purposes " , has recently been de-emphasized in some Circuits " since many , if not most , secondary uses seek at least some measure of commercial gain from their use " .
Courts have been more willing to grant fair use protections to parodies than to satires , but the ultimate outcome in either circumstance will turn on the application of the four fair use factors .
Many instruments may be incorporated into funk rock , but the overall sound is defined by a definitive bass or drum beat and electric guitar s. The bass and drum rhythms are influenced by funk music but with more intensity , while the guitar can be funk-or-rock-influenced , usually with distortion .
European film productionIn France , film production and exhibition closed down as its personnel became part of the general military mobilization of the country at the beginning of the war .
All this hardly concerned European cinema , where those few reverse-angle cuts used were mostly between a watcher and what he sees from his Point of View , both being filmed in a fairly distant shot .
During late 1927 , Warners released The Jazz Singer , which was mostly silent but contained what is generally regarded as the first synchronized dialogue ( and singing ) in a feature film ; but this process was actually accomplished first by Charles Taze Russell in 1914 with the lengthy film The Photo-Drama of Creation .
Auguste and Louis Lumière invented the cinématographe and their L'Arrivée d'un train en gare de La Ciotat in Paris in 1895 is considered by many historians as the official birth of cinematography .
It became the highest-grossing French-language film ever released in the United States .
The cinema of Italian traces the development of Italian cinema which began just a few months after the first public film screening by the French Lumière brothers , which took place in Paris on 28 December 1895 .
The Lumière brothers commenced public screenings in Italy in 1896 : in March 1896 , in Rome and Milan ; in April in Naples , Salerno and Bari ; in June in Livorno ; in August in Bergamo , Bologna and Ravenna ; in October in Ancona ; and in December in Turin , Pescara and Reggio Calabria .
The Mainichi Film Award was created in 1946 .
Dance with the Farm Workers ( 2001 ) is another documentary by Wu .
An attitude means a style .
Film theory , or cinema studies , is an academic discipline that aims to explore the essence of the cinema and provides conceptual frameworks for understanding film 's relationship to reality , the other art s , individual viewers , and society at large .
Film theory is not to be confused with general film criticism , though there can be some crossover between the two disciplines .
Directors such as Lang , Robert Siodmak , and Michael Curtiz brought a dramatically shadowed lighting style and a psychologically expressive approach to visual composition , or mise-en-scène , with them to Hollywood , where they would make some of the most famous of classic noirs .
The film now most commonly cited as the first " true " film noir is Stranger on the Third Floor ( 1940 ) , directed by Latvian-born , Soviet-trained Boris Ingster .
Freestyle music in general is heavily influenced by Latin music , especially with respect to rhythms and horn and keyboard parts .
Terminology The genre was called " Latin hip hop " in the mid-1980s .
Fantasy in a psychological sense is broadly used to cover two different senses , conscious and unconscious .
In the unconscious sense , it is sometimes spelled " phantasy " .
Zeus , for example , was also referred to as Cronides ( " son of Cronus " ) .
Another common practice was to adopt one 's place of origin as a middle or surname .
Among the Bulgarians , another South Slavic people , the typical surname suffix is " - ov " ( Ivanov , Kovachev ) , although other popular suffixes also exist .
The franc ( ) is the name of several currency units .
The franc is sometimes italianised or hispanicised as the franco , for instance in Luccan franco .
Using a variety of data including U.S. Consumer Price Index and Producer Price Index prices , it is derived from the largest component of the Gross Domestic Product in the BEA 's National Income and Product Accounts , personal consumption expenditures .
The ' Ivy Mike ' studies were declassified and published in 1955 .
253Fm has a half-life of 3 days , while 251Fm of 5.3 h , 252Fm of 25.4 h , 254Fm of 3.2 h , 255Fm of 20.1 h , and 256Fm of 2.6 hours .
, a musician and Chopin 's contemporary , recalls in his Memoirs about Chopin ( Wspomnienie Chopina ) that , as a child , Chopin wept with emotion when his mother played the piano .
She accepted , and her mother Countess Wodzińska approved in principle , but Maria 's tender age and Chopin 's tenuous health ( in the winter of 1835 – 1836 he had been so ill that word had circulated in Warsaw that he had died ) forced an indefinite postponement of the wedding .
Chopin 's heart has reposed there – except for a period during World War II , when it was removed for safekeeping – within the church that was rebuilt after its virtual destruction during the 1944 Warsaw Uprising .
This was said to have been Chopin 's own wish , but his friend Gutmann denied Chopin ever asked for it , and attributed this romantic fancy to journalistic licence .
The Polonaise in A major , Op .
In March 2012 , they also lost all their seats in Saarland .
The FDP is opposed to a tightening of the penal code , and instead supports for the recruitment of more police officers , judges , and prosecutors to improve security and speed up trials .
In a sense we can assume ' that fear was a big influence on things such as morality .
There are many traditional methods of preserving food that limit the energy inputs and reduce carbon footprint .
Wherefore , the Church is so far from objecting to the culture of the human arts and sciences , that it aids and promotes this cultivation in many ways .
After her husband Barack Obama was re-elected on November 6 , 2012 , she is scheduled to serve until January 20 , 2017 .
He was the Seattle Post-Intelligencer 's education writer from 1969 to 1972 and lecturer in general studies and interdisciplinary studies at the University of Washington ( 1970 – 1972 ) .
Although it was panned by many fans and film critics , Frank Herbert was pleased with the movie .
Previously the circuit owners controlled the income of the teams and negotiated with each individually , however Ecclestone persuaded the teams to " hunt as a pack " through FOCA .
As of 2010 , the top ten cars are awarded points , the winner receiving 25 points .
Carlos Reutemann became a politician and served as governor of his native state in Argentina .
To this end the FIA have instituted a number of rule changes , including new tyre restrictions , multi-race engines , and reductions on downforce .
He is also the younger brother of Internazionale legend and current vice coach Giuseppe Baresi .
It was Hermann who brought the Kafka family to Prague .
Consequently , Kafka 's childhood was somewhat lonely , and the children were largely reared by a series of governesses and servants .
He visited brothels for most of his adult life and was interested in pornography .
K. learns that , to Titorelli 's knowledge , not a single defendant has ever been acquitted .
The triad of tinnitus , episodes of imbalance and progressive deafness is also typical of Ménière 's disease .
Leiber published many further books in the 1960s .
As mentioned above , Flemish institutions such as the Flemish Parliament and Government , represent the Flemish Community and the Flemish Region .
Disproportionate influence of smaller parties Smaller parties can disproportionately change the outcome of an FPTP election by swinging what is called the 50-50 % balance of two party systems , by creating a faction within one or both ends of the political spectrum which shifts the winner of the election from an absolute majority outcome to a simple majority outcome favouring the previously less favoured party .
Rules and play The game is played between two teams of up to sixteen players , out of whom eleven are permitted to be on the pitch at any one time .
It is generally only considered an offence to encroach on an opponent receiving a lifted ball that has been lifted to above head height ( although the height is not specified in rule ) and is falling .
In supersymmetric theories , there are particles that acquire their masses only through supersymmetry breaking effects and these particles , known as moduli can mediate new forces .
The earliest known publication of the definition was in the February 1986 edition of the now-discontinued GNU 's Bulletin publication of FSF .
However , the major impetus to fugal writing for Mozart was the influence of Baron Gottfried van Swieten in Vienna around 1782 .
This shows that exchanging momentum between constituent objects will not affect the net momentum of a system .
According to Pickover , the mathematics behind fractals began to take shape in the 17th century when the mathematician and philosopher Gottfried Leibniz pondered recursive self-similarity ( although he made the mistake of thinking that only the straight line was self-similar in this sense ) .
Then : Magnitude Since Fn is asymptotic to \ varphi ^ n / \ sqrt5 , the number of digits in Fn is asymptotic to n \ , \ log _ \ varphi \ approx0 .2090 \ , n. As a consequence , for every integer d > 1 there are either 4 or 5 Fibonacci numbers with d decimal digits .
The Fibonacci number series is used for optional lossy compression in the IFF 8SVX audio file format used on Amiga computers .
The RAF raided German cities at night , and both sides developed radar-equipped night fighter s for these battles .
Although no stealthy fighters per se appeared among the fourth generation , some radar-absorbent coatings and other L-O treatments developed for these programs are reported to have been subsequently applied to fourth-generation fighters .
Tail recursion optimization can be implemented by transforming the program into continuation passing style during compiling , among other approaches .
February 29 , also known as the leap day of the Gregorian calendar , is a date that occurs in most years that are divisible by 4 , such as 2004 , 2008 , 2012 , 2016 and 2020 .
This means that the years 1600 and 2000 were leap years , as will be 2400 and 2800 , but the years 1700 , 1800 , and 1900 were not , nor will 2100 , 2200 , and 2300 .
After the final episode , Friedman sat down for an interview with Lawrence Spivak .
Video chapters ( 1980 version ) Video chapters ( 1990 version ) See also External links
Despite the motivation from coloring political maps of countries , the theorem is not of particular interest to mapmakers .
Appel and Haken 's approach started by showing that there is a particular set of 1,936 maps , each of which can not be part of a smallest-sized counterexample to the four color theorem .
In 2001 , the same authors announced an alternative proof , by proving the snark theorem ( ; ) .
Too many people were afraid of their shadows , there was a threat of book burning .
A substantial hurdle is the difficulty of working out fossil ages .
Other types of pseudofossils are kidney ore ( round shapes in iron ore ) and moss agate s , which look like moss or plant leaves .
The seven types of forgetting , in his view , are : Repressive Erasure This is the type used by government or states to remove the image or an event from someone 's mind by completely getting rid of every artifact that reminds anyone of the image or the event .
The small sign at the edge of the park on Main Street has a silhouette of King Kong on it , remembering her role in the film King Kong .
Gylfaginning chapters 13 and 25In chapter 13 of the Prose Edda book Gylfaginning , Fenrir is first mentioned in a stanza quoted from Völuspá .
The messenger brought the ribbon to the Æsir , and they thanked him heartily for completing the task .
Fenrir " howled horribly , " saliva ran from his mouth , and this saliva formed the river Ván ( Old Norse " hope " ) .
The series is well known for its innovation , visuals , and music , such as the inclusion of full motion video s , photo-realistic character models , and orchestrated music by Nobuo Uematsu .
Designed by Hiroyuki Ito , it injected urgency and excitement into combat by requiring the player to act before an enemy attacks , and was used until Final Fantasy X , which implemented the " Conditional Turn-Based " ( CTB ) system .
Many Final Fantasy games have been included in various lists of top games .
Final Fantasy III introduced the job system , a character progression engine allowing the player to change character classes , as well as acquire new and advanced classes and combine class abilities , at any time during the game .
To produce games for the system , Square created the shell company The Game Designers Studio and released Final Fantasy Crystal Chronicles , which spawned its own metaseries within the main franchise .
Campaign for Vice President In July 1920 , overshadowed by the Newport sex scandal and its coverage in the Providence Journal and New York Times , Roosevelt resigned as Assistant Secretary of the Navy to run for Vice President .
Al Smith was supported by some city bosses , but had lost control of the New York Democratic party to Roosevelt .
The New York Federal Reserve Bank was unable to open on the 5th , as huge sums had been withdrawn by panicky customers in previous days .
Industry needed to raise wages as a condition for approval .
America should be the " Arsenal of Democracy " , he told his fireside audience .
When Nazi Germany invaded the Soviet Union in June 1941 , Roosevelt agreed to extend Lend-Lease to the Soviets .
He may have used his authority over the Office of Censorship to avoid press reports on his declining health before the 1944 election .
The main target was Henry Luce , the powerful publisher of Time and Life magazines .
But stranded in New York City , Luce 's frustration and anger expressed itself in hard-edged partisanship .
Satisfiability of formulas with free variables is more complicated , because an interpretation on its own does not determine the truth value of such a formula .
To every topological space X with distinguished point x0 , one can define the fundamental group based at x0 , denoted π1 ( X , x0 ) .
Also , during his government , the Saxon monarchy became constitutional .
François d'Aguilon ( also d'Aguillon or in Latin Franciscus Aguilonius ) ( 4 January 1567 – 20 March 1617 ) was a Belgian Jesuit mathematician , physicist and architect .
D'Aguilon was born in Brussels .
Candied citron is used in nougat s , while and the aforementioned brocciu and chestnuts are also used in desserts .
These locations were open at all times of the day , featuring ornate tableware and reasonable prices .
The space character separating the word . "
The failure of Venner 's Rising led to repressive legislation to suppress non-conformist sects .
Hopkinson was a reputed amateur musician .
Death On February 20 , 1895 , Douglass attended a meeting of the National Council of Women in Washington , D.C. During that meeting , he was brought to the platform and given a standing ovation by the audience .
The reference to the change in sacrificial ritual may also reflect some historical memory .
There is also a world ranking for women 's football , updated four times a year .
The 1970 meeting of the International Football Association Board " agreed to request the television authorities to refrain from any slow-motion play-back which reflected , or might reflect , adversely on any decision of the referee " .
However Mussolini clarified that fascism 's position on the political spectrum was not a serious issue to fascists and stated that : Fascism , sitting on the right , could also have sat on the mountain of the center ... These words in any case do not have a fixed and unchanged meaning : they do have a variable subject to location , time and spirit .
Futurism influenced fascism in its emphasis on recognizing the virile nature of violent action and war as being necessities of modern civilization .
The Fascists met little serious resistance from authorities and proceeded to take over several northern Italian cities .
The Five Pillars of Islam ( ; also " pillars of the religion " ) are five basic acts in Islam , considered obligatory by believers and are the foundation of Muslim life .
These are summarized in the famous hadith of Gabriel .
The pilgrim , or the haji , is honoured in the Muslim community .
Onondaga Lake , though located just north of the Finger Lakes region , is not considered one of the Finger Lakes .
Snow kiting has also become popular in recent years .
Increasing capacity building for plant breeding in developing countries is critical for the achievement of meaningful results in poverty and hunger reduction and to reverse the current worrisome trends .
In response , the theology of the Filioque was expressed in the 809 local Council of Aachen .
The Filioque was the main subject discussed at the 62nd meeting of the North American Orthodox-Catholic Theological Consultation , in June 2002 .
Constantine organized the Council along the lines of the Roman Senate .
Bishops Theognis of Nicaea and Maris of Chalcedon were among the initial supporters of Arius .
In Jerome 's Prologue to Judith he claims that the Book of Judith was " found by the Nicene Council to have been counted among the number of the Sacred Scriptures " .
Aday also stated , however , that the data used in his study may have come late enough in the war to be consistent with accepted practice .
Within days it was reported that Fox had been excluded from an interview with administration official Ken Feinberg , with bureau chiefs from the White House press pool ( ABC , CBS , NBC , and CNN ) coming to Fox 's defense .
Sky News Australia is Fox 's sister channel .
It was named by French astronomer Nicolas Louis de Lacaille in 1756 .
Situated on the Quirinal Hill in Rome , the complex was designed for the Spanish Trinitarians , a religious order .
Although the idea for the serpentine facade must have been conceived fairly early on , probably in the mid-1630s , it was only constructed towards the end of Borromini 's life and the upper part was not completed until after the architect 's death .
In January 2005 , more than two years after the software was originally planned for completion , the FBI officially abandoned the project .
Flamsteed designations for star s are similar to Bayer designation s , except that they use numbers instead of Greek letters .
Each star is assigned a number and the Latin genitive of the constellation it lies in ( see List of constellations for a list of constellations and the genitive forms of their names ) .
Fire is the rapid oxidation of a material in the exothermic chemical process of combustion , releasing heat , light , and various reaction products .
Slower oxidative processes like rusting or digestion are not included by this definition .
Figure skating is a sport and activity in which individuals , duos , or groups perform on figure skate s on ice .
JPG | Ross Miner sets up for a jump .
The man performs a pivot , one toe anchored in the ice , while holding the hand of his partner , who circles him on a deep edge with her body almost parallel to the ice .
Another method is equity financing - the sale of stock by a company to investors , the original shareholders of a share .
History In 1970 , Ivo Caprino and his small team of collaborators started work on a 25-minute-long TV special , which would eventually become Pinchcliffe Grand Prix .
The first FORTRAN compiler used this weighting to do a Monte Carlo simulation of the run-time generated code at compile time .
The widespread ( now almost universal ) adoption of the IEEE 754 standard for binary floating-point arithmetic has essentially removed this problem .
For example , one of IBM 's FORTRAN compilers ( H Extended IUP ) had a level of optimization which reordered the machine code instructions to keep multiple internal arithmetic units busy simultaneously .
These terms gave the name to foobar2000 , an audio player independently developed using C + + , as its author was more focused on producing a functional program than on aesthetics .
His first album of the decade , Nice 'n' Easy , topped Billboard 's chart and won critical plaudits .
The ashes are later collected and disposed by immersing them in the Punjab ( five famous rivers in India ) .
While providing a critique of these social and political relations , much of feminist theory also focuses on the promotion of women 's rights and interests .
This debate has culminated in the late 1970s and the 1980s , in what came to be known as the Feminist Sex Wars , which pitted anti-pornography feminism against sex-positive feminism , and parts of the feminist movement were deeply divided by these debates .
Socialism Since the late nineteenth century some feminists have allied with socialism , whereas others have criticized socialist ideology for being insufficiently concerned about women 's rights .
In the U.S. , the National Organization for Women ( NOW ) began in 1966 to seek women 's equality , including through the Equal Rights Amendment ( ERA ) , which did not pass , although some states enacted their own .
Other reasons influenced them in the direction of war .
De Gouges also expressed non-gender political views ; even before the start of the terror , Olympe de Gouges addressed Robespierre using the pseudonym " Polyme " calling him the Revolution ’s " infamy and shame . "
They live in California , with their three children , Julia , David , and John away in school .
Thus , from a Catholic perspective , there is still a ban on Catholics joining Masonic Lodges .
The results were announced on Monday , 9 July .
This was to avoid legal issues with Holly Johnson over use of the Frankie Goes to Hollywood name .
Differences are most stark when it comes to deciding which factor is the most important .
Labor-power might be seen as a stock which can produce a flow of labor .
Fort Wayne is located at ( 41.07253 , − 85.13937 ) .
The final returned to Wembley in May 2007 .
By Rule 1.04 , Note ( a ) , all parks built after 1958 have been required to have foul lines at least long and a center-field fence at least from home plate .
The added seats are wider than the previous seats .
In combination with yucca schidigera , and zinc acetate , this was increased to an 86 % H2S reduction , although total flatus volume and number of flatus events was unchanged .
1,327 scenes in total needed to be filmed to animate the digital characters .
This theory was first proposed in 1930 and has recently been championed by Stephen Greenblatt .
There have been several times where a ball has been recorded to have traveled at a speed of approximately 200 km/h .
For many fouls , such as stick infractions , a free hit is the only discipline provided .
If an ' extreme ' foul is committed , such as physical contact or unsportsmanlike behavior , a player may receive a 10 minute penalty or even a match misconduct .
Players use the same stick and ball , and goaltenders are also allowed to play .
For the 2009 – 10 season , average attendances across the league clubs were 34,215 for Premier League matches with a total aggregate attendance figure of 13,001,616 .
Reactions to the appearance of feminists among fannish ranks led indirectly to the creation of A Women 's APA and WisCon .
History In ancient Greece and modern Japan , fellatio has been referred to as " playing the flute " ; the Kama Sutra has a chapter on auparishtaka ( or oparishtaka ) , " mouth congress " .
However , many of the settlers were not from Scandinavia , but descendants of Norse settlers in the Irish Sea .
This inelastic scattering suggests that the charge in the proton is not uniform but split among smaller charged particles : quarks .
The Eastlake High School product agreed to terms with the Marlins that same day .
FS Florida 's slogan in 2008 was " You Got ta Be Here . "
The next year , when Bastiat was 24 , his grandfather died , leaving the young man the family estate , thereby providing him with the means to further his theoretical inquiries .
As Popper put it , a decision is required on the part of the scientist to accept or reject the statements that go to make up a theory or that might falsify it .
Instead , he pursued a moderate policy , leaving Francisco León de la Barra , one of Díaz 's supporters , as president .
The first attested instance of this is from 984 , although more primitive forms were seen up to one-hundred years earlier .
Most felids are unable to taste sweetness due to a mutated gene in their taste buds .
John McCarthy and Patrick J. Hayes defined this problem in their 1969 article , Some Philosophical Problems from the Standpoint of Artificial Intelligence .
He said , ' People will love these characters . '
The cinema featured in " The Passion of St Tibulus " was the Ormonde Cinema , Greystones , County Wicklow and " The Field " , the location for Funland in " Good Luck , Father Ted " , is in Portrane , North County Dublin .
Rachel gets fired from her job and accepts a new offer in Paris , but Ross , realizing he loves her , chases after her .
The creators felt that using six equal characters , rather than emphasizing one or two , would allow for " myriad storylines and give the show legs " .
Studios in Burbank , California .
Ratings The table below indicates the ratings of Friends in the U.S. , where it consistently ranked within the top ten of the final television ratings . "
Kauffman and Crane were not interested in the spin-off , although Bright agreed to executive produce the series with Scott Silveri and Shana Goldberg-Meehan .
The option to play the ball with the foot was preserved , however , for several decades , although by early in the 20th Century it was restricted to kicking the ball forward .
It is called mistletoe , and it seemed too young for me to demand its oath . "
Frigg 's death later cleared Odin 's name and he regained his reputation . "
Frank Robert Capra ( May 18 , 1897 September 3 , 1991 ) was a Sicilian - born American film director .
He immigrated to the U.S. when he was six , and eventually became a creative force behind major award-winning films during the 1930s and 1940s .
From 1952 – 1956 , Capra produced four science-related television specials in color for The Bell Laboratory Science Series : Our Mr. Sun ( 1956 ) , Hemo the Magnificent ( 1957 ) , The Strange Case of the Cosmic Rays ( 1957 ) , and Meteora : The Unchained Goddess ( 1958 ) .
The FIFA World Cup , often simply the World Cup , is an international association football competition contested by the senior men 's national teams of the members of Fédération Internationale de Football Association ( FIFA ) , the sport 's global governing body .
The FIFA Confederations Cup is a tournament held one year before the World Cup at the World Cup host nation ( s ) as a dress rehearsal for the upcoming World Cup .
He was Roman Consul five times ( 233 BC , 228 BC , 215 BC , 214 BC and 209 BC ) and was twice Dictator , in 221 and again in 217 BC .
In base-2 only rationals with denominators that are powers of 2 ( such as 1/2 or 3/16 ) are terminating .
IEEE 754 requires correct rounding : that is , the rounded result is as if infinitely precise arithmetic was used to compute the value and then rounded ( although in implementation only three extra bits are needed to ensure this ) .
11 : 23 ) .
This scheme is most effective for systems in which the keyboard is the primary or sole input device .
A file viewer is application software that presents the data stored in a computer file in a human-friendly form .
The file contents are generally displayed on the screen , or they may be printed .
Its purpose was , besides this , to define the Catholic doctrine concerning the Church of Christ .
However , it soon became clear that Henry was not willing to concede his presumed and ancient right to name the pope and bishops within his kingdom .
This translation is a convention started by the earliest translators of Buddhist texts into English ; however , many contemporary translators have pointed out that this is not necessarily the most accurate translation of this terms .
Local terms for the procedure include tahara in Egypt ; tahur in Sudan ; and bolokoli in Mali , which Anika Rahman and Nahid Toubia write are words synonymous with purification .
Procedures have been developed to repair clitoral integrity , such as by Pierre Foldes , a French urologist and surgeon , and Marci Bowers , an American surgeon who studied his work ; they used intact clitoral tissue from inside women 's bodies to form a new clitoris .
Marriages and family LaGuardia married twice .
Michael “ Dynamite Mike ” Kelly , commander of New York ’s Third " Shamrock " Battalion , also joined the race .
If it is taller than can be easily reached to raise the flag , a cord is used , looping around a pulley at the top of the pole with the ends tied at the bottom .
This group used Portuguese as the language for worship , Malay as the language of trade and a mixed dialect as mother tongue .
9,11 and 12 ) .
This vacuum energy can perhaps be changed in certain cases .
Give up ( absolute ) relativity Because of the strong empirical support for special relativity , any modifications to it must necessarily be quite subtle and difficult to measure .
FidoNet policy requires that each FidoNet system maintain a nodelist of every other member system .
svg | Flag of Bikini Atoll File : Flag of Liberia .
The capital is Palikir , on Pohnpei .
For this and subsequent work they were jointly awarded the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1962 with Maurice Wilkins .
The Watson and Crick discovery of the DNA double helix structure was made possible by their willingness to combine theory , modeling and experimental results ( albeit mostly done by others ) to achieve their goal .
The method was to use diagonal riders , eight on each side that sat a 45 degree angle .
While the LCS classes smaller than the frigates they will replace , they offer a similar degree of weaponry while requiring less than half the crew complement and a top speed of over 40 knots .
This landing in the heartland of Abd el-Krim 's tribe , combined with the French invasion from the south , spelled the beginning of the end for the short-lived Republic of the Rif .
As his final years progressed , tension within the various factions of the Movimiento would consume Spanish political life , as varying groups jockeyed for position to control the country 's future .
The resolution also urged to provide public access to historians ( professional and amateurs ) to the various archive s of the Francoist regime , including those of the private Fundación Francisco Franco which , as well as other Francoist archives , remain as of 2006 inaccessible to the public .
After graduating from secondary school , in 1847 he entered the University of Giessen , with the intention of studying architecture .
He recovered and on 11 September 2006 gave a speech at Kent State University Stark Campus .
The fundamental frequency , often referred to simply as the fundamental , is defined as the lowest frequency of a periodic waveform .
In terms of a superposition of sinusoid s ( e.g. Fourier series ) , the fundamental frequency is the lowest frequency sinusoidal in the sum .
India India has a rich tradition of fabulous novels , mostly explainable by the fact that the culture derives traditions and learns qualities from natural elements .
See also
The government also borrowed against future Compact disbursements in the early 1990s , yielding an external debt of $ 111 million in 1997 ( over 50 % of GDP ) .
26.0 % of all households were made up of individuals and 5.9 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older .
Economy Major industries and commercial activity Fort Collins ' economy has a mix of manufacturing and service-related businesses .
FFT algorithms specialized for real and/or symmetric data In many applications , the input data for the DFT are purely real , in which case the outputs satisfy the symmetry and efficient FFT algorithms have been designed for this situation ( see e.g. Sorensen , 1987 ) .
The first naval loss was the World War II-vintage Argentine light cruiser ARA General Belgrano .
There are Argentinean claims that the missile struck ; however the British have denied this , some citing that shot it down .
In the United Kingdom , Margaret Thatcher 's popularity increased .
The centre additionally contains several streets .
Within twenty miles ( 32 km ) to the west is the Carmignano area , also home to flavorful sangiovese-based reds .
The group operation on G/N is the product of subsets defined above .
Composite fermions Composite particles ( such as hadron s , nuclei , and atoms ) can be bosons or fermions depending on their constituents .
More solid evidence is that Blish admired the work of Oswald Spengler .
After the February 2011 election , it moved from being the largest party to the third-largest party in the 31st Dáil .
Fuhito succeeded in making another of his daughters , Kōmyōshi , the empress consort of Emperor Shōmu .
Members of the Fujiwara , Taira , and Minamoto families — all of whom had descended from the imperial family — attacked one another , claimed control over vast tracts of conquered land , set up rival regimes , and generally broke the peace of Japan .
See also Notes and references In Literature External links
These feedback loops may be positive ( as in the case of the coupling between a sugar molecule and the proteins that import sugar into a bacterial cell ) , or negative ( as is often the case in metabolic consumption ) .
This was especially common in old-fashioned movable type printing when smaller fonts were not available .
One might write the kanji for " blue " , but use katakana to write the pronunciation of the English word " blue " ; this may be done , for example , in Japanese subtitles on foreign films , where it can help associate the written Japanese with the sounds actually being spoken by the actors , or it may be used in a translation of a work of fiction to enable the translator to preserve the original sound of a proper name ( such as " Firebolt " in the Harry Potter series ) in furigana , while simultaneously indicating its meaning with kanji .
The proxy marriage of state of his daughter Marie Louise of Austria to Napoleon on 10 March 1810 was assuredly his most severe defeat .
It is similar to a first-order chemical reaction in which the first-order rate constant is the sum of all of the rates ( a parallel kinetic model ) .
In some cases , the concentration of the activator must be restricted to below a certain level , to prevent quenching of the fluorescent emission .
The United States of America being a federal country is made up of many ( currently fifty ) States and a central government .
This central government may be known as the Union , the United States , or the Federal government .
When d = 0 , all the power is heard at the carrier frequency .
It has been suggested that the detection of an extraterrestrial radio signal or technology could well be the most highly classified military information that exists .
One from St. Mary ’s College in sacred theology , and two from University of Fribourg , Switzerland in theology and philosophy .
PhilosophersSeveral pre-Socratic philosophers believed that the world was flat : Thales ( c. 550 BC ) according to several sources , and Leucippus ( c. 440 BC ) and Democritus ( c. 460 – 370 BC ) according to Aristotle .
The point of the egg analogy is simply to stress that the earth is completely enclosed by heaven , rather than merely covered from above as the Kai Tian describes .
It was revived as a website in 2004 by Daniel Shenton ( no relation to Samuel Shenton ) .
After Aramaic , or rather the Achaemenid form of it known as Imperial Aramaic , Old Persian is the most commonly attested language of the Achaemenid age .
There are also several local dialects from Iran , Afghanistan and Tajikistan which slightly differ from the standard Persian .
Such a matrix B is a primitive element for Fp2 .
In return , the operator pays the supplier a fee .
In imaginary time , the Euclidean action becomes positive definite , and can be interpreted as a probability distribution .
The term " folk dance " is reserved for dances which are to a significant degree bound by tradition and originated in the times when the distinction existed between the dances of " common folk " and the dances of the " high society " .
This visit further increased Dosteyevsky 's circle of acquaintances .
Honours In 1956 an olive-green postage stamp dedicated to Dostoyevsky was released in the Soviet Union , with a print run of 1,000 copies .
Although he emphasizes that he does not intend to publish his notes for the public , the narrator appeals repeatedly to an ill-described audience , whose questions he tries to address .
One of his most famous films noir is the police drama The Big Heat ( 1953 ) , noted for its uncompromising brutality , especially for a scene in which Lee Marvin throws scalding coffee on Gloria Grahame 's face .
In April 1989 , the FDA investigated 11 manufacturers for irregularities ; and later brought that number up to 13 .
For example : The special case of C/Q is especially important , and the names algebraic number and transcendental number are used to describe the complex numbers that are algebraic and transcendental ( respectively ) over Q. If every element of L is algebraic over K , then the extension L/K is said to be an algebraic extension ; otherwise it is said to be a transcendental extension .
Add node to Q. 4 .
End of production There are currently enough orders to keep producing new F-16s until 2016 , with hope for more orders .
Cockpit and ergonomics One feature of the F-16 for air-to-air combat performance is the cockpit 's exceptional field of view .
Since introduction on the F-16 , HOTAS controls have become a standard feature on modern fighters .
It also adds SAR mapping and terrain-following ( TF ) modes , as well as interleaving of all modes .
Friedrich August Hayek CH ( ; 8 May 1899 23 March 1992 ) , born in Austria-Hungary as Friedrich August von Hayek and frequently known as F. A. Hayek , was an Austrian , later turned British , economist and philosopher best known for his defense of classical liberalism .
In 1974 , Hayek shared the Nobel Memorial Prize in Economic Sciences ( with Gunnar Myrdal ) for his " pioneering work in the theory of money and economic fluctuations and ... penetrating analysis of the interdependence of economic , social and institutional phenomena " .
The reasons for the two of them winning the prize are described in the Nobel committee 's press release .
Hayek also wrote that the state has a role to play in the economy , and specifically , in creating a " safety net " .
Claims under the law have typically involved health care , military , or other government spending programs , and dominate the list of largest pharmaceutical settlements .
Technically , the government has several options in handing cases .
The group debuted in The Fantastic Four # 1 ( cover date d Nov. 1961 ) , which helped to usher in a new level of realism in the medium .
Sienkiewicz left to do Moon Knight , and Byrne ended up as writer , artist , and inker .
As a result of the events of the " Civil War " company-crossover storyline , the Black Panther and Storm temporarily replaced Reed and Susan Richards on the team .
Video games The Fantastic Four starred in a 1997 Fantastic Four video game .
Eventually , a regular monthly series began publication in France , and the Fantastic Four took over the headlining position in the pocket format anthology " Nova " ( sharing the title with Spider-Woman , Peter Parker , She-Hulk , and Silver Surfer ) and lasted until Marvel began publishing its own titles under the newly-formed " Marvel France " line in the late 1990s .
Then Fick 's first law ( one-dimensional case ) can be written as : where the index i denotes the ith species , c is the concentration ( mol/m3 ) , R is the universal gas constant ( J / ( K mol ) ) , T is the absolute temperature ( K ) , and μ is the chemical potential ( J/mol ) .
Other characters included Bob " Bulldog " Briscoe , played by Dan Butler , the host of a radio sports show that aired following Frasier 's show .
These tapes consisted of four episodes taken from seasons 1 – 4 .
In its time , FGU Incorporated published dozens of different role-playing games , more than any other company .
Franz Boas ( ; July 9 , 1858 – December 21 , 1942 ) was a German - American anthropologist and a pioneer of modern anthropology who has been called the " Father of American Anthropology " and " the Father of Modern Anthropology " .
Like many such pioneers , he trained in other disciplines ; he received his doctorate in physics , and did post-doctoral work in geography .
This emphasis also led Boas to conclude that anthropologists have an obligation to speak out on social issues .
The further charge that Bopp , in his Comparative Grammar , gave undue prominence to Sanskrit stands disproved by his own words ; for , as early as the year 1820 , he gave it as his opinion that frequently the cognate languages serve to elucidate grammatical forms lost in Sanskrit ( Annals of Or .
One of two Tomcat squadrons per airwing was designated as a TARPS unit and received 3 TARPS capable aircraft and training for 4 TARPS aircrews .
Combat loss Only one F-117 ( AF ser .
The Marines needed a better fighter than the F4F Wildcat .
The USMC aviators welcomed the Corsair with open arms as its performance was far superior to the contemporary Brewster Buffalo and Grumman F4F-3 and -4 Wildcat .
F4U-1D ( Corsair Mk IV ) : Built in parallel with the F4U-1C , but was introduced in April 1944 .
In 2000 , the series was restricted to 15 teams of two cars each .
Very often , biological samples are taken from the victim at a time when the effects of the drug have already passed and only residual amounts remain in the body fluids .
The study results , however , suggest that binge drinking is more commonly a factor in drug-assisted rapes than pharmaceutical drugs .
For the fuel cell to operate , the fuel must be converted into pure hydrogen gas .
Early life and education Singer was born in Vienna , Austria , where his father was a jeweler and his mother a homemaker .
The documentary , available on DVD only in the UK , airs regularly on the BRAVO channel .
Jim Henson produced two iconic fantasy films in the 80s , that being the solemn and grave The Dark Crystal and the more whimsical and lofty Labyrinth .
This list of chess players includes people who are primarily known as chess players and have an article on the English Wikipedia .
Image : USmace .
jpg | Shoulder Sleeve Insignia of the 42nd MP Brigade image : George Washington Statue at Federal Hall .
Under the new commercial direction and with the Mort 's capital injection , the company diversified into books and miniature figures .
In 1973 , under the " Peace Rhine " program , the Luftwaffe purchased the lightened and simplified F-4F which was upgraded in the mid-1980s .
Turkey has stated the reconnaissance aircraft was in international airspace when it was shot down , while Syrian authorities stated it was inside Syrian airspace .
However , at the postalveolar place of articulation , the tongue may take several shapes : domed , laminal , or apical , and each of these is given a separate symbol and a separate name .
Frost is the solid deposition of water vapor from humid air .
It is formed when the temperature of a solid surface is below the freezing point of water and also below the frost point .
Hoar frost may have different names depending on where it forms .
He was a Roman Catholic .
By 1917 Finland had experienced rapid population growth , industrialization , improvements in the economy and standard of living , and the rise of a comprehensive labor movement ; economic , social , and political divisions were deepening while the Finnish political system was in an unstable phase of democratization and modernization .
Russian Bolshevik Joseph Stalin visited the meeting , demanding that the Finnish socialists carry out revolution , and tried to push the Social Democrats forward by promising independence to Finland .
Battle of HelsinkiAfter peace talks between the Germans and the Finnish Reds were broken off on 11 April , the true battle for the capital of Finland began .
The February Revolution in 1917 initiated a comprehensive terror in Finland ; the Russian common army soldiers murdered several Russian army officers in March 1917 .
In the end , General Rüdiger von der Goltz had been able to utilize the power vacuum and the dual power formed within the Finns during 1917-1918 , for the power political benefit of the German Empire .
However , when the new test subjects take the older tests , in almost every case their average scores are significantly above 100 .
At this point , Emperor Menelik turned to France , offering a treaty of alliance ; the French response was to abandon the Emperor to secure Italian approval of the Treaty of Bardo which would secure French control of Tunisia .
In Mussolini ’s Italy , Fellini and Riccardo became members of the Avanguardista , the compulsory Fascist youth group for males .
The movie won the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film at the 30th Academy Awards and brought Masina the Best Actress Award at Cannes for her performance .
When the American magazine Cinema asked Stanley Kubrick in 1963 to name his favorite films , the film director listed I Vitelloni as number one in his Top 10 list .
Along with their change of style the band was also going through some label changes .
Bekka Bramlett , who had worked a year earlier with Mick Fleetwood 's Zoo , was recruited .
Original Fleetwood Mac bassist Bob Brunning died on 18 October 2011 , at the age of 68 .
His rule was absolutist and he was a firm autocrat .
In geology felsic refers to igneous rocks that are relatively rich in elements that form feldspar and quartz .
It is contrasted with mafic rocks , which are relatively richer in magnesium and iron ( ferric ) .
Many patients felt peculiar sensations or had convulsions that were regarded as crises and supposed to bring about the cure .
Even Mesmer was indignant because the commissioners had not come to him with their inquiries , but had gone to the " traitor " D'Eslon .
Beside them , one of the branches of Animal Magnetism that rose after Mesmer was called the branch of the " Imaginationists " that put importance on the power of the " imagination " .
The General Electric/Rolls-Royce F136 was under development as an alternative engine until December 2011 when the manufacturers canceled work on it .
The 3BSM is a thrust vectoring nozzle which allows the main engine exhaust to be deflected downward at the tail of the aircraft .
Food additives are substances added to food to preserve flavor or enhance its taste and appearance .
Some additives have been used for centuries ; for example , preserving food by pickling ( with vinegar ) , salt ing , as with bacon , preserving sweets or using sulfur dioxide as in some wine s. With the advent of processed foods in the second half of the 20th century , many more additives have been introduced , of both natural and artificial origin .
Within the League 's Assembly , Nansen spoke out on many issues besides those related to refugees .
Our part is to find the trail that leads to it .
The Ford GT40 is a high performance American-British racing car , built and designed in England ( MkI , MkII , and MkIII ) and in the United States ( MkIV ) respectively , and powered by a series of American-built engines , which won the 24 Hours of Le Mans four consecutive times , from 1966 to 1969 ( 1966 being the Mk II , 1967 the Mk IV , and 1968 -1969 the oldest chassis design , the Mk I ) .
In 1966 , at the attendance of Henry Ford II himself in Le Mans , the MkII GT40 provided Ford with the first overall Le Mans victory for an American manufacturer and the first victory for an American manufacturer at a major European race since Jimmy Murphy ´ s triumph with Duesenberg at the 1921 French Grand Prix .
Flamenco guitars The flamenco guitar is similar to the classical guitar , but of lighter construction , with a cypress body and spruce top .
When the string vibrates , the shape of the crystal is distorted , and the stresses associated with this change produce tiny voltages across the crystal that can be amplified and manipulated .
In 1841 the Scotsman Alexander Keiller founded the Götaverken shipbuilding company that still exists today .
Space segment The space segment ( SS ) is composed of the orbiting GPS satellites , or Space Vehicles ( SV ) in GPS parlance .
The satellite carrier total phase can be measured with ambiguity as to the number of cycles .
The January 2011 order makes final authorization contingent upon studies of GPS interference issues carried out by a LightSquared led working group along with GPS industry and Federal agency participation .
West Germany joined NATO in 1955 and was a founding member of the European Economic Community in 1957 .
The collections of folk tales published by the Brothers Grimm popularised German folklore on an international level .
Guatemala City is generally mild , almost springlike , throughout the course of the year .
The dialects of German which are or were primarily spoken in colonies or communities founded by German-speaking people resemble the dialects of the regions the founders came from .
This was owned by John Middleton Murry , who had released editorial control to Max Plowman and Sir Richard Rees .
Mabel Fierz had pursued matters with Moore , and at the end of June 1932 , Moore told Blair that Victor Gollancz was prepared to publish A Scullion 's Diary for a £ 40 advance , through his recently founded publishing house , Victor Gollancz Ltd , which was an outlet for radical and socialist works .
The heavy smog in the days before the Clean Air Act 1956 did little to help his health about which he was reticent , keeping clear of medical attention .
( see Psychological egoism #Criticisms ) Types of games Cooperative or non-cooperative A game is cooperative if the players are able to form binding commitments .
However there has been a strong increase in the children living in poverty in Germany .
Germany is a federal parliamentary republic , and federal legislative power is vested in the Bundestag ( the parliament of Germany ) and the Bundesrat ( the representative body of the Länder , Germany 's regional states ) .
In the early 19th century , Gauss , Johann Bolyai , and Lobatchewsky , each independently , took a different approach .
Following the attack on Pearl Harbor in 1941 , Bush postponed going to college , enlisted in the U.S. Navy on his 18th birthday , and became the youngest aviator in the U.S. Navy at the time .
During this time , the task force was victorious in one of the largest air battles of World War II : the Battle of the Philippine Sea .
Bush subsequently returned to San Jacinto in November 1944 and participated in operations in the Philippines until his squadron was replaced and sent home to the United States .
He also captained the Yale baseball team , and as a left-handed first baseman , played in the first two College World Series .
Bush accepted , and held this position when the popularity of both Nixon and the Republican Party plummeted .
A residential college and an Episcopal seminary at Yale University also bear Berkeley 's name , as does the Berkeley Library at Trinity College , Dublin .
Moore contends that even if such arguments are correct , they do not provide definitions for the term ' good . '
While the term " pistol " can be properly used to describe any handgun , it is common to refer to a single-shot or auto-loading handgun as a " pistol " and a revolver as a " revolver " .
Generally speaking , military and police forces use semi-automatic pistols due to their high magazine capacities ( 10 to 17 or , in some cases , over 25 rounds of ammunition ) and ability to rapidly reload by simply removing the empty magazine and inserting a loaded one .
Submachine guns A submachine gun is a magazine-fed firearm , usually smaller than other automatic firearms , that fires pistol - caliber ammunition ; for this reason certain submachine guns can also be referred to as machine pistols , especially when referring to handgun-sized designs such as the Škorpion vz . 61 and Glock 18 .
George Washington ( – , 1799 ) was the first President of the United States ( 1789 – 1797 ) , the commander-in-chief of the Continental Army during the American Revolutionary War , and one of the Founding Fathers of the United States .
Washington contracted smallpox during the trip , which left his face slightly scarred , but immunized him against future exposures to the dreaded disease .
The British retreated back to New York City and its environs , which they held until the peace treaty of 1783 .
Washington disbanded his army and , on November 2 , gave an eloquent farewell address to his soldiers .
The eastern part of the Gulf Coast , predominantly Florida , is dotted with many bays and inlets .
Therefore we must ask how the smoothly distributed universe of the CMB became the clumpy universe we see today .
The discovery of a galaxy more than 13 billion years old , which existed only 480 million years after the Big Bang , was reported in January 2011 .
Societal change has been accelerated by the use of social media , smartphone s , mobile computing , and other new technologies .
Those in " Generation Flux " have birth-years in the ranges of both Generation X and Generation Y .
In 1899 , the local postage stamps were overprinted " Guam " as was done for the other former Spanish colonies , but this was discontinued shortly thereafter and regular U.S. postage stamps have been used ever since .
While slightly venomous , the brown tree snake is relatively harmless to human beings .
Gemini 10 ( officially Gemini X ) was a 1966 manned spaceflight in NASA 's Gemini program .
This Agena 's battery power had failed many months earlier and this would demonstrate the ability to rendezvous with a dormant object .
They also tried to do D-5 , a navigation experiment .
In the Soviet Union , half the food supply came from small peasants ' garden plots on the huge government-run collective farms , although they were tiny patches of land .
Garden design can include different themes such as perennial , butterfly , wildlife , Japanese , water , tropical , or shade gardens .
Graffiti as a memorial People often leave their traces in wet cement or concrete .
Many graffiti artists in Israel come from other places around the globe , such as JUIF from Los Angeles and DEVIONE from London .
Mechani-Kong was replaced by Mechagodzilla , and the project eventually evolved into Godzilla vs. Mechagodzilla II in 1993 .
is a 1973 Japan ese science fiction kaiju film produced by Toho .
Directed and co-written by Jun Fukuda with special effects by Teruyoshi Nakano , the film starred Katsuhiko Sasaki , Hiroyuki Kawase , Yutaka Hayashi , and American actor Robert Dunham .
While Andoh is drinking , Masako and Takuya have a discussion about the day 's events , and about their history together .
the fiancée screams , and the fish go belly-up .
Because of this necessity to have relations with other rational beings in order to achieve consciousness , Fichte writes that there must be a ' relation of right , ' in which there is a mutual recognition of rationality by both parties .
The domestic bulk freight developed because of the nearby mines .
Malfunctions of the primer and/or powder within a cartridge are colloquially known as " misfires " , and include failures to discharge ( duds ) , delayed discharge ( hang-fires ) , and incomplete or insufficient discharge ( squibs ) .
Gratis is the quality of an action where the action is willingly provided without any requirement by the provider for compensation or monetary remuneration .
It is often referred to in English as free of charge ( FOC ) , complimentary , or on the house .
A distinction has to be drawn between " freedom " and " free of charge " , where the latter sometimes also can be referred to as " free as in free beer " .
Furthermore , each Riemannian metric is naturally associated with one particular kind of connection , the Levi-Civita connection , and this is , in fact , the connection that satisfies the equivalence principle and makes space locally Minkowskian ( that is , in suitable locally inertial coordinates , the metric is Minkowskian , and its first partial derivatives and the connection coefficients vanish ) .
The April 1990 conference approved sweeping political reforms , including creation of a national Senate , decentralization of the budgetary process , freedom of assembly and press , and cancellation of an exit visa requirement .
International organization participation ACCT , ACP , AfDB , BDEAC , CCC , CEEAC , ECA , FAO , FZ , G-24 , G-77 , IAEA , IBRD , ICAO , ICC , IDA , IDB , IFAD , IFC , IFRCS ( associate ) , ILO , IMF , IMO , Inmarsat , Intelsat , Interpol , IOC , ITU , ITUC , NAM , OAU , OIC , OPCW , UDEAC , UN , UNCTAD , UNESCO , UNIDO , UPU , WHO , WIPO , WMO , WToO , WTrO See also Original text of this article from Central Intelligence Agency World Factbook at https://www.cia.gov/library/publications/the-world-factbook/geos/gb.html#Govt References
The small processing and service sectors are largely dominated by just a few prominent local investors .
At higher elevations , precipitation is sometimes twice as heavy as in the eastern plains .
In the west , the climate is subtropical to about ; above that altitude ( and to the north and east ) is a band of moist and moderately warm weather , then a band of cool and wet conditions .
Seaport Tema Port , officially opened in 1962 , is the bigger of the two seaports in Ghana , and is Africa 's largest harbour .
The country encompasses flat plains , low hills and a few rivers .
They are the former FIFA U-20 World Cup Champions and African Youth Champions The Ghana national U-17 football team known as the Black Starlets are two-time FIFA U-17 World Cup in 1991 and two time runners up in 1993 and 1997 .
Because strong surf pounds the shoreline , two artificial harbors were built at Takoradi and Tema ( the latter completed in 1961 ) to accommodate Ghana 's shipping needs .
Also significant in the 1984 census figures was the national age distribution .
Like the army , the air force suffers from frequent shortages of spare parts and poor maintenance of equipment .
This article is about the demographic features of the population of Gibraltar , including population density , ethnicity , education level , health of the populace , economic status , religious affiliations and other aspects of the population .
Ethnic origins One of the main features of Gibraltar ’s population is the diversity of their ethnic origins .
The Conservative Party took 69.52 % of the vote , which has generally been interpreted as a protest against the handling of Gibraltar by the Labour Party .
This is similar to the offer made to Malta in 1955 .
These can be picked up from the frontier or the city centre , where there are a number of taxi ranks .
It connects the Göta älv river with Lake Vänern .
The last emperor of China owned a Buick .
Motorsport GM has participated over the years in the World Touring Car Championship ( WTCC ) , 24 Hours of Le Mans , NASCAR , SCCA , V8 Supercars , and many other world venues .
GM leads all other automobile manufacturers in races won in NASCAR 's premier series at 1,011 .
The Impact was eventually produced as the EV1 for the 1996 model year .
Strauss 's initial drawings were for a massive cantilever on each side of the strait , connected by a central suspension segment , which Strauss promised could be built for $ 17 million .
In May 1924 , Colonel Herbert Deakyne held the second hearing on the Bridge on behalf of the Secretary of War in a request to use federal land for construction .
The District promised that the proposal , which it called a " partnership program " , would not include changing the name of the bridge or placing advertising on the bridge itself .
The impact cracked several of his vertebrae .
Numerous additional demonstrations followed , and Marconi began to receive international attention .
The only part of the Greek-speaking world that escaped long-term Ottoman rule was the Ionian Islands , which remained Venetian until their capture by the First French Republic in 1797 , then passed to the United Kingdom in 1809 until their unification with Greece in 1864 .
Through the intervention of the Great Powers however , Greece lost only a little territory along the border to Turkey , while Crete was established as an autonomous state under Prince George of Greece .
Golfo ( Γκόλφω ) , a well known traditional love story , is considered the first Greek feature film , although there were several minor productions such as newscasts before this .
The population of each region according to the 2001 census : Age structure Being part of the phenomenon of the aging of Europe , the Greek population shows a rapid increase of the percentage of the elderly people .
The politics of Greece takes place in a parliamentary representative democratic republic , whereby the Prime Minister of Greece is the head of government , and of a multi-party system .
Legislative power is vested in both the government and the Hellenic Parliament .
Greece uses a complex reinforced proportional representation electoral system which discourages splinter parties and makes a parliamentary majority possible even if the leading party falls short of a majority of the popular vote .
The Ministry of Finance has revealed that Greek Swiss bank account holders will either have to pay a tax or reveal information such as the identity of the bank account holder to the Greek internal revenue services .
Water transport Waterways The 80 km system consists of three coastal canals including the Corinth Canal ( 6 km ) and three unconnected rivers .
In 1985 , Greenland left the European Economic Community ( EEC ) upon achieving self-rule , in view of the EEC 's commercial fishing regulations and an EEC ban on seal skin products .
Two representatives were elected to the Parliament of Denmark at the last Danish elections , Siumut 1 , Inuit Ataqatigiit 1 .
This is mainly because the company is using a private shipping company like UPS , FedEx , or DHL for its shipping .
Colom stated that the situation is the combined result of a number of factors , including a severe drought and global warming , which have reduced the domestic food supply , and the Global financial crisis , which has reduced Guatemala 's ability to import food .
CONCAUSA is a cooperative plan of action to promote clean , efficient energy use ; conserve the region 's biodiversity ; strengthen legal and institutional frameworks and compliance mechanisms ; and improve and harmonize environmental protection standards .
They also have the option to study vocational subjects at the island 's Guernsey College of Further Education .
The loss of the island 's language and the Anglicisation of its culture , which began in the nineteenth century and proceeded inexorably for a century , accelerated sharply when the majority of the island 's school children were evacuated to the UK for five years during the German occupation of 1940 – 1945 .
Two elected Constable s carry out the decisions of the Douzaine , serving for between one and three years .
Dian Dian , a Guinean / Ukrainian joint bauxite venture , has a projected production rate of per year , but is not expected to begin operations for several years .
In 1970 , Portuguese forces , from neighboring Portuguese Guinea , staged Operation Green Sea , a raid into Guinea with the support of exiled Guinean opposition forces .
See also Further reading References External links
The main religions are African traditional religions and Islam , and there is a Christian ( mostly Catholic ) minority .
In the past , the government had been highly centralized , and multiparty governance has been in effect since mid-1991 .
When the Portuguese first sailed down the Atlantic coast of Africa in the 1430s , they were interested in gold .
Cooper and Weinert state ' when sighted for the last time in .
Executive branch | President | Donald Ramotar | People 's Progressive Party | 3 December 2011 | - | Prime Minister | Sam Hinds | People 's Progressive Party | 11 August 1999 | } Executive authority is exercised by the president , who appoints and supervises the prime minister and other ministers .
In 1962 Venezuela declared that it would no longer abide by the arbitration decision , which ceded mineral-rich territory in the Orinoco basin to Guyana .
Geologic time The geologic time scale encompasses the history of the Earth .
Faulting and other deformational processes result in the creation of topographic gradients , causing material on the rock unit that is increasing in elevation to be eroded by hillslopes and channels .
Although planetary geologists are interested in all aspects of the planets , a significant focus is in the search for past or present life on other worlds .
As biographer Clive Hirschhorn explains : " As a child he used to run for miles through parks and streets and woods – anywhere , just as long as he could feel the wind against his body and through his hair .
Indeed , film noir films from the 1940s and 1950s were made in a range of genres , such as gangster film s , police procedural dramas , and thrillers .
The editors of the influential 18th century French encyclopedia Encyclopedie were ideologically opposed to biographies because they believed too much ink had already been spilled on hagiographies of church fathers and deeds of kings , and not enough about the average person or life in general .
This limited ruleset was also included with various books such as GURPS Discworld and Transhuman Space .
Full-fledged heroes usually have 200 – 250 points , while superheroes are commonly built with 400 – 800 points .
Coleman later pleaded no contest to charges of disorderly conduct and reckless driving , and was fined $ 100 .
On 6 October 1868 he entered into partnership with Théophile Seyrig , like Eiffel a graduate of the Ecole Centrale , forming the company Eiffel et Cie. In 1875 Eiffel et Cie were given two important contracts , one for a new terminus for the line from Vienna at Budapest and the other for a bridge over the river Douro in Portugal .
The European Greenpeace paid the debt of the Canadian Greenpeace office and on October 14 , 1979 , Greenpeace International came into existence .
The alternative proposed by Greenpeace is to discourage mono-cropping and to increase production of crops which are naturally nutrient-rich ( containing other nutrients not found in golden rice in addition to beta - carotene ) .
The word Türk meant " strong " in Old Turkic .
Gold is a dense , soft , shiny , malleable , and ductile metal .
It is a chemical element with the symbol Au and atomic number 79 .
The energy conversion of Gd is up to 20 % , which means that one-fifth of the X-rays striking the phosphor layer can be converted into light photons .
In Baden-Württemberg they became the senior partner in a governing coalition for the first time .
It would prove to be his only hit single , but it helped pave the way for a consistent stream of album sales in Britain .
The state school system is often bypassed at age 16 by the more able pupils .
KCL also has a large research grant , and one of the largest in England .
DNA normally exists as a double-stranded molecule , coiled into the shape of a double-helix .
In organisms that use chromosomal crossover to exchange DNA and recombine genes , errors in alignment during meiosis can also cause mutations .
George Sotiros Pappas ( born 1942 ) is a professor of philosophy at Ohio State University .
Pappas specializes in epistemology , the history of early modern philosophy , philosophy of religion , and metaphysics .
The original contract was for one game only , the final .
These miserly wages made it difficult for the club to spend the £ 80,000 it received for the sale of Frank McLintock – he had put in a transfer request over dissatisfaction with his pay and quality replacements were reluctant to join a club that paid full internationals like Banks and McLintock no more than the base rate that rival clubs paid to average players .
Despite another mid-table finish in 1971 – 72 , Stoke beat Chesterfield , Tranmere Rovers , Hull City and Manchester United to reach another FA Cup semi-final .
Despite this set-back , England qualified for UEFA Euro 1968 , which consisted of just four teams : England , Italy ( hosts ) , the Soviet Union , and Yugoslavia .
Leibniz then enrolled in the University of Altdorf , and almost immediately he submitted a thesis , which he had probably been working on earlier in Leipzig .
It is the world 's largest prize for scientific achievement .
The early GUI commands , until the advent of IBM Common User Access , used different command sequences for different programs .
Semantically , however , most graphical user interfaces use three dimensions - in addition to height and width , they offer a third dimension of layering or stacking screen elements over one another .
Plot synopsis The story of A Song of Ice and Fire takes place in a fictional world where seasons may last for years .
Four hundred pages of the sixth novel have been written as of October 2012 , although Martin considers only 200 as " really finished " ; the rest needs revising .
The north coast of the mainland is separated from the polar cap by the Shivering Sea .
The narrative itself first refers to the continent in A Feast for Crows ( 2005 ) .
The composite set ( with both exteriors and interiors ) consisted of a large section of Castle Black including the courtyard , the ravenry , the mess hall and the barracks , and used the stone wall of the quarry as the basis for the ice wall that protects Westeros from the dangers that dwell beyond .
Their seat , the Eyrie , is a castle high in the mountains , small but considered unassailable .
The Westerlands are rich in precious metals , mostly gold , which is the source of their wealth .
The city is located in the south-western part of Westeros , at the mouth of the River Honeywine , where it opens onto Whispering Sound and the Sunset Sea beyond .
Typical for Ghiscari , Yunkai soldiers wear impractical armor and oiled hair teased into enormous shapes , limiting their effectiveness .
Tied for second with 12 points were Aron Nimzowitsch and Rudolf Spielmann .
At the FIDE Congress in 1961 , GM Milan Vidmar said that the regulations " made it possible to award international titles to players without sufficient merit " .
There are four typical hammers used to drive such piles : drop hammers , diesel hammers , hydraulic hammers , and air hammers .
Cantilever walls resist lateral pressures by friction at the base of the wall and/or passive earth pressure , the tendency of the soil to resist lateral movement .
In Beirut he contracted syphilis .
At the end of the reading , his friends told him to throw the manuscript in the fire , suggesting instead that he focus on day-to-day life rather than fantastic subjects .
If the real part of the complex number z is positive ( Re ( z ) > 0 ) , then the integral converges absolutely , and is known as the Euler integral of the second kind ( the Euler integral of the first kind defines the Beta function ) .
Until the mid-20th century , mathematicians relied on hand-made tables ; in the case of the gamma function , notably a table computed by Gauss in 1813 and one computed by Legendre in 1825 .
French art critic Louis Vauxcelles used the terms " bizarre cubiques " in 1908 after seeing a picture by Braque .
His theories dominated and influenced Western medical science for more than 1,300 years .
It is most likely that this was the same plague that struck Rome during Marcus Aurelius ’ reign .
She became the first of many students to experience glossolalia , coincidentally in the first hours of the 20th century .
Muzio Clementi used the theme to " God Save the King " in his Symphony No. 3 in G major , often called the " Great National Symphony " , catalogued as WoO .
Elgar also used the first verse of the Anthem as the climax of a short " Civic Procession and Anthem " , written to accompany the mayoral procession at the opening of the Hereford Music Festival on 4 September 1927 .
Among the most admired and skilled auctorati were those who , having been granted manumission , volunteered to fight in the arena .
From the early days of the Republic , ten years of military service were a citizen 's duty and a prerequisite for election to public office .
Also , every five years , a huge botanical exhibition ( Gentse Floraliën ) takes place in Flanders Expo in Ghent , attracting numerous visitors to the city .
General Council of Guadeloupe The general council is composed of 43 seats ; whose members are elected by popular vote to serve six-year terms .
Transport in Guadeloupe .
Railways total : NA km ; privately owned , narrow-gauge plantation lines Highways total : 2,082 km paved : 1,742 km unpaved : 340 km ( 1985 est. ) note : in 1996 there were a total of 3,200 km of roads Water transport Seaports and harbours Basse-Terre , Pointe-à-Pitre ( on Grande-Terre ) .
420 p. * Fullerton , Sharon Golke : '' Paleographic Methods Used in Dating Cyrillic and Glagolitic Slavic Manuscripts '' .
Today , pencils are still a small but significant market for natural graphite .
Ogilvie ( 2008 ) argues that their long apprenticeships were unnecessary to acquire skills , and their conservatism reduced the rate of innovation and made the society poorer .
In 1994 Calgene attained approval to commercially release the Flavr Savr tomato , a tomato engineered to have a longer shelf life .
In part because Lincoln provided a title and signed and dated the Bliss copy , it has become the standard text of Lincoln 's Gettysburg Address .
Lincoln is not known to have made any further copies of the Gettysburg Address .
Algebraic graph theory has close links with group theory .
By the age of 21 , Rossini had established himself as the idol of the Italian opera public .
Instead of simultaneous access , as in other modal logics , temporal logic accesses before or after .
He remained with the Secession until 1908 .
Thus it has been proposed that Syrah red wine is named after Shiraz , a city in Persia where the grape was used to make Shirazi wine .
As such the wording of the treaty is not intended to be a definition suitable as a research tool , and although it is used for this purpose , as it has an international legal credibility that others lack , other definitions have also been postulated .
The ECHR also noted that in the 21st century " Amongst scholars , the majority have taken the view that ethnic cleansing , in the way in which it was carried out by the Serb forces in Bosnia and Herzegovina in order to expel Muslims and Croats from their homes , did not constitute genocide .
The Germanic tribes then inhabited southern Scandinavia , Schleswig-Holstein and Hamburg , but subsequent Iron Age cultures of the same region , like Wessenstedt ( 800 to 600 BCE ) and Jastorf , are also in consideration .
On the European continent , the Holy Roman Empire included all remaining Germanic speaking groups from the 10th century .
Contemporary Romantic nationalism in Scandinavia placed more weight on the Viking Age , resulting in the movement known as Scandinavism .
The Gomti contributes an average annual flow of about .
Along with his beloved , Jagannatha sits at the top of the flight of steps leading to the water at the famous Panchganga Ghat in Varanasi .
Indo-Bangladesh Ganges Water Treaty signed in December 1996 addressed some of the water sharing issues between India and Bangladesh .
In November 2008 , the Ganges , alone among India 's rivers , was declared a " National River " , facilitating the formation of a National Ganga River Basin Authority that would have greater powers to plan , implement and monitor measures aimed at protecting the river .
He reaching the rank of Flight Lieutenant .
Whitlam ordered negotiations to establish full relations with the People 's Republic of China , and broke those with Taiwan .
The 1973 oil crisis had caused prices to spike , and according to government figures inflation topped 13 percent for over a year between 1973 and 1974 .
The next week , Whitlam fired Barnard 's successor as deputy prime minister , Cairns , who had misled Parliament regarding the Loans Affair amid innuendo about his relationship with his office manager , Junie Morosi .
Although Latham was more conservative than Whitlam , the former Prime Minister gave Latham much support , according to one account " anointing him as his political heir " .
Green wavelengths are also available from gas laser s , including the Helium-neon laser ( 543 nm ) , the Argon - ion laser ( 514 nm ) and the Krypton-ion laser ( 521 nm and 531 nm ) , as well as liquid dye laser s. Green lasers have a wide variety of applications , including pointing , illumination , surgery , laser light shows , spectroscopy , interferometry , fluorescence , holography , machine vision , non-lethal weapons and bird control .
Idioms and expressions See also References Notes and references External links
If two rigid sections of a glacier move at different speeds and directions , shear forces cause them to break apart , opening a crevasse .
Even Pope Innocent XI , an inveterate enemy of Louis XIV of France , provided a loan to William , though a relation with the invasion has been denied .
It has been argued that the invasion aspect had been downplayed as a result of a combination of British pride and successful Dutch propaganda , trying to depict the course of events as a largely internal English affair .
Almost all gnostic systems of the Syrian or Egyptian type taught that the universe began with an original , unknowable God , referred to as the Parent or Bythos , as the Monad by Monoimus , or the first Aeon by still other traditions .
Hans Jonas writes : " The cardinal feature of gnostic thought is the radical dualism that governs the relation of God and world , and correspondingly that of man and world . "
Christianity and Gnosticism Although some scholars hypothesize that gnosticism developed before or contemporaneous with Christianity , no gnostic texts have been discovered which pre-date Christianity .
German cuisine has evolved as a national cuisine through centuries of social and political change with variations from region to region .
The southern regions of Germany , including Bavaria and neighbouring Swabia , share many dishes .
It is generally filter coffee , which is weaker than espresso .
Mark 's gospel is a short , Koine Greek basis for the Synoptic Gospels .
Christian scholar Donald Guthrie claims , “ it is full of superb stories and leaves the reader with a deep impression of the personality and teachings of Jesus . "
The Gospel According to Matthew ( , to euangelion kata Matthaion ) ( Gospel of Matthew or simply Matthew ) is one of the four canonical gospels , one of the three synoptic gospels , and the first book of the New Testament .
It tells of the life , ministry , death , and resurrection of Jesus of Nazareth .
Several of its independent elements are historically plausible , such as Jesus 's being executed before Passover , as John reports .
Not long after the family arrived in Holland Patent , Cleveland 's father died .
While this new career took him away from the practice of law , it was rewarding in other ways : the fees were said to yield up to $ 40,000 ( US$ in present terms ) over the two-year term .
For a time he was a trustee of Princeton University , and was one of the majority of trustees who preferred Dean West 's plans for the Graduate School and undergraduate living over those of Woodrow Wilson , then president of the university .
A more accurate comparison would be to the works of Giovanni Gabrieli .
Europa Europa , the second of the four Galilean moons , is the second closest to Jupiter and the smallest at 3121.6 kilometers in diameter , which is slightly smaller than Earth 's Moon .
It is the only satellite in the Solar System known to possess a magnetosphere , likely created through convection within the liquid iron core .
In late 1979 , she released the album I Have a Right which contained her next disco hit , " Let Me Know ( I Have a Right ) " , which featured Doc Severinsen of The Tonight Show fame , on trumpet solo .
Among other things , Schroeder attempts to reconcile a six day creation as described in Genesis with the scientific evidence that the world is billions of years old using the idea that the perceived flow of time for a given event in an expanding universe varies with the observer ’s perspective of that event .
This theme has been used in literature in The Rime of the Ancient Mariner by Coleridge .
Tibet There is widespread belief in ghosts in Tibetan culture .
With the advent of motion pictures and television , screen depictions of ghosts became common , and spanned a variety of genres ; the works of Shakespeare , Dickens and Wilde have all been made into cinematic versions .
The most common apartment size was 3 rooms of which there were 27,084 .
Geocaching is an outdoor recreational activity , in which the participants use a Global Positioning System ( GPS ) receiver or mobile device and other navigational techniques to hide and seek containers , called " geocaches " or " caches " , anywhere in the world .
A typical cache is a small waterproof container containing a logbook where the geocacher enters the date they found it and signs it with their established code name .
Converting and filtering data A variety of geocaching applications are available for geocache data management , file-type translation , and personalization .
The geographical mile is a unit of length determined by 1 minute of arc along the Earth 's equator .
For the 1924 International Spheroid this equalled 1855.4 metre s. Any greater precision depends more on choice of standard than on more careful measurement : the length of the equator in the World Geodetic System WGS-84 is 40,075,016.6856 m which makes the geographical mile 1855.3248 m , while the International Astronomical Union standard IAU-2000 takes the equator to be 40,075,035.5351 m making the geographical mile 1855.3257 m , almost a millimetre longer .
In grammar , genitive ( abbreviated ; also called the possessive case or second case ) is the grammatical case that marks a noun as modifying another noun .
Cholecystectomy , the surgical removal of the gallbladder , is one of the most common surgical procedures done worldwide .
Hernias are now repaired mostly laparoscopically .
Tool use The following observations were made by a team led by Thomas Breuer of the Wildlife Conservation Society in September 2005 .
In his memory , the Los Angeles Kings named their new mascot " Bailey " .
Denis , an experimental school organized to implement educational reform .
In 1936 Hubble produced a classification system for galaxies that is used to this day , the Hubble sequence .
In this sense they have some similarity to the much smaller globular cluster s. The largest galaxies are giant ellipticals .
Although the Milky Way has never collided with a galaxy as large as Andromeda before , evidence of past collisions of the Milky Way with smaller dwarf galaxies is increasing .
Hackman 's father operated the printing press for the Commercial-News , a local paper .
That same year , Hackman appeared in what became one of his most famous comedic roles as the blind hermit in Young Frankenstein .
He sustained minor injuries and was transported to Ryder Trauma Center in Miami , Florida .
Galba 's steward buried both head and trunk in a tomb by the Aurelian Road .
The miners ' safety lamp In 1815 , aware of the explosions often caused in mines by naked flames , Stephenson began to experiment with a safety lamp that would burn without causing an explosion .
They come to me , you know , and say , “ Do you think we can do this ?
” I say , “ Try it .
In this report , Kuznets warned against its use as a measure of welfare ( see below under limitations and criticisms ) .
The reason why this subsumption takes place in a series of concepts is that Hegel 's method , in his Science of Logic and his Encyclopedia , is to begin with basic concepts like Being and Nothing , and to develop these through a long sequence of elaborations , including those already mentioned .
Critiques of Hegel offered from the Left Hegelians radically diverted Hegel 's thinking into new directions and eventually came to form a disproportionately large part of the literature on and about Hegel .
Section 5 states that " the Governor-General may appoint such times for holding the sessions of the Parliament ... prorogue the Parliament [ and ] dissolve the House of Representatives . "
German-style games are usually less abstract than chess , but more abstract than wargames and train game s. Likewise , they generally require more thought and planning than party game s , such as Pictionary or Trivial Pursuit , but less than classic strategy games , such as chess and Go .
That same year , Automatic Electric and Lenkurt were combined as GTE Network Systems .
Gaius was more practical minded than Tiberius , and so was considered more dangerous by the patricians .
Either the two individuals were friends prior to the study or they were strangers scheduled to participate at the same time .
A guitarist ( or a guitar player ) is a person who plays the guitar .
Guitarists may play a variety of guitar family instruments such as classical guitar s , acoustic guitar s , electric guitar s , and bass guitar s. Some guitarists accompany themselves on the guitar by singing or playing the harmonica .
Acts is attributed to the author of the Gospel of Luke , which is believed to have been written before Acts , and therefore would shift the chronology of authorship back , putting Mark as early as the mid 50s .
The first term of this series represents the area of the blue triangle , the second term the total area of the three green triangles , the third term the total area of the twelve yellow triangles , and so forth .
Introduction to Mathematics for Life Scientists '' , 3rd ed. , Springer .
Pay-off phase The second half of glycolysis is known as the pay-off phase , characterised by a net gain of the energy-rich molecules ATP and NADH .
A number of theories have been advanced to explain the Warburg effect .
In part , this is because some of them are common to other pathways , such as the Calvin cycle .
Influenced partly by the fact that Gregory was the son of his father 's enemy , he ordered Gregory imprisoned for twelve ( some sources indicate fourteen ) years in a pit on the Ararat Plain under the present day church of Khor Virap located near the historical city Artashat in Armenia .
Credited with inventing pass patterns , Hutson would lead the league in receptions eight seasons and spur the Packers to NFL championships in 1936 , 1939 and 1944 .
Acme continued its support of Lambeau 's team , and in its first season in the NFL the team wore jerseys with the words " ACME PACKERS " emblazoned on the chest .
All of the other cities are large and widely known ones , the second smallest being Riga .
He is also the only Swedish monarch to be styled " the Great " .
Cavalry had been pushed to the fringes of military worth and had been largely neutralized by the Spanish tercios .
With the exception of the years 1872 – 1873 and 1892 – 1894 , the chancellor was always simultaneously the prime minister of Prussia .
The reforms of Chancellor Leo von Caprivi , which liberalized trade and so reduced unemployment , were supported by the Kaiser and most Germans except for Prussian landowners , who feared loss of land and power and launched several campaigns against the reforms .
Germany began the war by targeting its chief rival , France .
He also invaded Portuguese Mozambique to gain his forces supplies and to pick up more Askari recruits .
Capture of Valerian , revolt of Macrianus In the East , Valerian was confronted with serious troubles .
Gauntlet or gantlet may refer to : Video games Comic books Film and television Aviation Other uses
A grand jury is an arm of the Court which is empowered to conduct official proceedings to investigate potential criminal conduct and to determine whether criminal charges should be brought .
The " grand jury " may compel the production of documents and may compel the sworn testimony of witnesses to appear before it .
All handguns with a barrel length equal to or under 4.1 inches ( 105mm ) are prohibited , as well as those chambered in .25 or .32 caliber cartridges , presumably to prevent the manufacture of " Saturday Night Specials " .
There is no specific permit for carrying guns .
Discrepancies between legal GMT and geographical GMT Since legal , political , and economic criteria ( in addition to purely physical or geographical criteria ) are used in the drawing of time zones , it follows that actual time zones do not precisely adhere to meridian lines .
The 89a specification also supports incorporating text labels as text ( not embedding them in the graphical data ) , but as there is little control over display fonts , this feature is not widely used .
Fawkes had taken up his station late on the previous night , armed with a slow match and a watch given to him by Percy " becaus he should knowe howe the time went away " .
In Taiwan , the popular name for panda is the inverted 貓熊 ( māo xióng ) " cat bear " , though many encyclopedia and dictionaries in Taiwan still use " bear cat " as the correct name .
\ neg \ Phi then becomes and this formula is provable ; since the part under negation and after the \ wedge sign is obviously provable , and the part under negation and before the \ wedge sign is obviously φ , just with x and y replaced by x ' and y ' , we see that \ neg \ phi is provable , and φ is refutable .
Harrison 's friend and former bandmate , Tom Petty agreed : " He just had a way of getting right to the business , of finding the right thing to play . "
The dark timbre of his guitar playing on the track was accentuated by his use of uncomplicated yet effective C +9 chord voicings , performing a solo in the minor pentatonic scale .
In late 1968 Fender Musical Instruments Corporation gave Harrison a custom-made Fender Telecaster Rosewood prototype , made especially for him by a Fender master builder who also crafted a prototype Stratocaster for Jimi Hendrix .
He co-wrote the song " Badge " with Clapton , which was included on Cream 's 1969 album , Goodbye . Harrison played rhythm guitar on the track , using the pseudonym " L'Angelo Misterioso " for contractual reasons .
Many extrasolar gas giants have been identified orbiting other star s. Planets above 10 Earth mass es are termed giant planets .
The Home Office removed gunpowder from its list of Permitted Explosives ; and shortly afterwards , on 31 December 1931 , the former Curtis & Harvey 's Glynneath gunpowder factory at Pontneddfechan , in Wales , closed down , and it was demolished by fire in 1932 .
The British Congreve rockets used 62.4 % saltpeter , 23.2 % charcoal and 14.4 % sulfur , but the British Mark VII gunpowder was changed to 65 % saltpeter , 20 % charcoal and 15 % sulfur .
In addition to being a nuisance , the residue from burnt black powder is hygroscopic and with the addition of moisture absorbed from the air , this residue forms a caustic substance .
In 2004 Keillor published a collection of political essays , Homegrown Democrat , and in June 2005 he began a column called " The Old Scout " , which ran at Salon.com and in syndicated newspapers .
Finally , in 1912 , the death of Giulio Ricordi , Puccini 's editor and publisher , ended a productive period of his career .
Style and critical reception Grove Music Online comments thatPuccini succeeded in mastering the orchestra as no other Italian had done before him , creating new forms by manipulating structures inherited from the great Italian tradition , loading them with bold harmonic progressions which had little or nothing to do with what was happening then in Italy , though they were in step with the work of French , Austrian and German colleagues .
This gumption in musical experimentation was the essence of Puccini 's style , as evidenced in his diverse settings and use of the motif to express ideas beyond those in the story and text .
Another 12 years had passed when an act of piracy caused him to take up Esther once again .
The kernel N of the homomorphism G → Sym ( X ) is given by the intersection of the stabilizers Gx for all x in X. A useful result is the following .
Group actions and groupoids The notion of group action can be put in a broader context by using the action groupoid \ scriptstyle G ' \ ; =\ ; G \ , \ ltimes \ , X associated to the group action , thus allowing techniques from groupoid theory such as presentations and fibration s. Further the stabilisers of the action are the vertex groups , and the orbits of the action are the components , of the action groupoid .
Many client libraries , browsers , and server platforms ( including Apache and Microsoft IIS ) support gzip .
It may have been a difficult job , but it paid well : two shilling s a day , more than three times his salary as a comptroller .
Chaucer is best known as the writer of The Canterbury Tales , which is a collection of stories told by fictional pilgrims on the road to the cathedral at Canterbury ; these tales would help to shape English literature .
His is the first edition of Chaucer for nearly a hundred and fifty years to consult any manuscripts and is the first since that of William Thynne in 1534 to seek systematically to assemble a substantial number of manuscripts to establish his text .
Later editions by John H. Fisher and Larry D. Benson have offered further refinements , along with critical commentary and bibliographies .
Many Witches felt he was threatening their traditional vows of secrecy and bringing about too much bad publicity , which in turn led to ostracism and job losses .
Due to the diploidy of humans ( and most animals ) , there are two allele s for any given gene .
The Tsar was preoccupied with the very real threat of a scandal , and ordered his own investigations but did not , in the end , remove Rasputin from his position of influence .
Thus , he claimed that yielding to temptation ( and , for him personally , this meant sex and alcohol ) , even for the purposes of humiliation ( so as to dispel the sin of vanity ) , was needed to proceed to repentance and salvation .
Murder Assassination attempt Though it is a prevailing view that Rasputin was assassinated for political reasons , the details are not clear .
Some operators will block this by allowing the phone to use only a single SIM , or only a SIM issued by them ; this practice is known as SIM lock ing .
See also References Further reading External links
Kasparov won the Soviet Junior Championship in Tbilisi in 1976 , scoring 7 points of 9 , at age 13 .
Kallinikos ' development of Greek fire came at a critical moment in the Byzantine Empire 's history : weakened by its long wars with Sassanid Persia , the Byzantines had been unable to effectively resist the onslaught of the Muslim conquests .
This can occur as : Once β-arrestin is bound to a GPCR , it undergoes a conformational change allowing it to serve as a scaffolding protein for an adaptor complex termed AP-2 , which in turn recruits another protein called clathrin .
Origin and diversification of the superfamily Signal transduction mediated by the superfamily of GPCRs dates back to the origin of multicellularity .
Demographics Population Galicia 's inhabitants are known as Galicians ( , ) .
The G protein activates a cascade of further signaling events that finally results in a change in cell function .
The human genome encodes roughly 800 G protein-coupled receptors , which detect photons ( light ) , hormones , growth factors , drugs , and other endogenous ligands .
They behave differently in the recognition of the effector , but share a similar mechanism of activation .
Sales of D&D reached by 1985 , but Gygax , seeing his future at TSR as untenable , left the company on December 31 , 1985 .
The Governor-in-Council is also required to appoint in the Queen 's name the President of the Legislative Council , the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly , Supreme Court and District Court justices , and local court magistrates in the state , though all of these are made on the advice of either the Premier and cabinet or the majority of elected members of each house in the case of the Speaker or President .
Although he had ceased acting as a Governor-General , Sir William Denison retained the title until his retirement .
On these changes , Carr said : " The Office of the Governor should be less associated with pomp and ceremony , less encumbered by anachronistic protocol , more in tune with the character of the people . "
George Bernard Shaw was highly critical of productions of Shakespeare , and specifically denounced the dramatic practice of editing Shakespeare 's plays , whose scenes tended to be cut in order to create " acting versions " .
George Abbot ( ca. 1603 ?
– 2 February 1648 ) was an English writer , known as " The Puritan " and a politician who sat in the House of Commons in two periods between 1640 and 1648 .
In independent programs , a 4,000 solar mass intermediate-mass black hole has been suggested to exist based on HST observations in the globular cluster M15 and a 20,000 solar mass black hole in the Mayall II cluster in the Andromeda Galaxy .
The difference in the pull of gravity between the part of the cluster nearest the mass and the pull on the furthest part of the cluster results in a tidal force .
However the Eastern Question and the resulting Crimean War proved to be the downfall of his government .
Countries with an aging population , or with a baby boom , experience an increasing pre-tax Gini coefficient even if real income distribution for working adults remain constant .
The concept builds on Amartya Sen 's suggestion that inequality coefficients of social development should be premised on the process of enlarging people ’s choices and enhancing their capabilities , rather than process of reducing income inequality .
Essentially , what matters is not just inequality in any particular year , but the composition of the distribution over time .
In education , it has been used as a measure of the inequality of universities .
It is related to accuracy ratio in population assessment models .
Initially , he was criticized for having failed to activate his aircraft ’s self-destruct charge to destroy the camera , photographic film , and related classified parts of his aircraft before his capture .
In 1998 , newly declassified information revealed that Powers ’ mission had been a joint USAF/CIA operation .
In late 1933 , the Reich Interior Minister Wilhelm Frick wanted to integrate all the police forces of the German states under his control .
Typography In typography , a glyph has a slightly different definition : it is " the specific shape , design , or representation of a character " .
In February 1980 , Melody Maker qualified the same band as " masters of this Gothic gloom " .
Fashion Gothic fashion is stereotyped as a dark , sometimes morbid , eroticised fashion and style of dress .
As of early-2010 , this was approximately 50 teraflops .
The initial version of the Pocket Pro featured a frontlit screen ( advertised as backlit ) and is distinguished by its rough-textured black case .
Gnosis is used throughout Greek philosophy as a technical term for experience knowledge ( see gnosiology ) in contrast to theoretical knowledge or epistemology .
In both the United States and Britain , the Georgian style is still employed by architects like Quinlan Terry Julian Bicknell and Fairfax and Sammons for private residences .
A Gram-negative cell will lose its outer lipopolysaccharide membrane , and the inner peptidoglycan layer is left exposed .
Gram-negative bacteria Gram-negative bacteria generally possess a thin layer of peptidoglycan between two membranes ( diderms ) .
Benson accumulated three other platinum LPs and two gold albums .
His areas of research are : Awards and honors References External links
Conversely , languages that grammaticalise aspect can have tense as a secondary use of an aspect .
Aspectual distinctions may be restricted to certain tenses : in Latin and the Romance languages , for example , the perfective – imperfective distinction is marked in the past tense , by the division between imperfect s and preterite s. Explicit consideration of aspect as a category first arose out of study of the Slavic languages ; here verbs often occur in the language in pairs , with two related verbs being used respectively for imperfective and perfective meanings .
Heuristics In his later days , he spent considerable effort on trying to characterize the methods that people use to solve problems , and to describe how problem-solving should be taught and learned .
The larger ships would have been tasked for strategic troop transport and amphibious operations , and were to displace 27.000 to 30.000 tons for 800 soldiers .
This is the law that made GHB a schedule 1 controlled substance .
Older time spans which predate the reliable fossil record ( before the Proterozoic Eon ) are defined by absolute age .
Geography In the early days of Gulag , the locations for the camps were chosen primarily for the isolated conditions involved .
It is often considered a drawback of the system because residents of the same agglomeration are assumed to be a community of common interest .
The unelected senators were eliminated in the 2005 constitutional reforms , but the electoral map has remained largely untouched ( two new regions were created in 2007 , one of which altered the composition of two senatorial constituencies ; the first election to be affected by this minor change will take place in 2013 ) .
The municipal mace is kept in an ante-room leading to the Lord Provost 's office .
The title Mitchell finally chose is from the first line of the third stanza of the poem Non Sum Qualis Eram Bonae sub Regno Cynarae by Ernest Dowson : Scarlett O'Hara uses the title phrase when she wonders to herself if her home on a plantation called " Tara " is still standing or if it is " gone with the wind which had swept through Georgia . "
Carver distributed his information as agricultural bulletins .
On his grave was written , He could have added fortune to fame , but caring for neither , he found happiness and honor in being helpful to the world .
Sam Wellman 's Heroes of the Faith series includes George Washington Carver : Inventor and Naturalist .
During this period , Ablett had managed to mark and kick the opening goal of the match .
Gary Ablett Sr. and Billy Brownless both kicked more than 70 goals for the season to form a potent forward-line combination .
However , Geelong began to underperform , losing some close encounters and suffering some humiliating defeats .
As a further feature , Galileo will provide a unique global search and rescue ( SAR ) function .
A primary motivation for the Galileo project was European concern that the US could deny others access to GPS during political disagreements .
Satellite names See also Notes References Bibliography Further reading External links Official websites Other
The Croatian Ustaše destroyed the house again .
The university campus building expansion was followed by a gentrification process in the 1980s .
It is now the Park Savoy Hotel and for many years was considered a single room occupancy hotel .
Götze is a German word for " idol " or " false god " .
Sullivan had one installed as well , and on 13 May 1883 , at a party to celebrate the composer 's 41st birthday , the guests , including the Prince of Wales ( later Edward VII ) , heard a direct relay of parts of Iolanthe from the Savoy .
Main characters Through the Garfield strips , there have been many additional characters , but the four main ones are described here .
See also References External links
Notes References External links
Finally , it may also be granular or quite compact .
The standard axiomatization of the natural number s is named the Peano axioms in his honor .
The drinks themselves are not the same , and vary between the Sivolvian " chinanto/mnigs " which is ordinary water served at slightly above room temperature , and the Gagrakackan " tzjin-anthony-ks " which kills cows at a hundred paces ; and in fact the one common factor between all of them , beyond the fact that the names sound the same , is that they were all invented and named before the worlds concerned made contact with any other worlds . "
Each barrel fired a single shot when it reached a certain point in the cycle , after which it ejected the spent cartridge , loaded a new round , and in the process , cooled down somewhat .
Nevertheless , every political party in the GDR had to register with the National Front of Democratic Germany , an alliance of parties and mass political organisations , including : Elections took place at the Volkskammer but were effectively controlled by the SED/state hierarchy , as Hans Modrow has noted .
History Granville was named in 1880 , after the British Colonial Secretary , the Granville Leveson-Gower , 2nd Earl Granville .
From the start , he relied heavily on employing students : the very first ensemble he founded was a student collegium musicum that had some 40 members .
Noun classifiers A classifier , or measure word , is a word or morpheme used in some languages together with a noun , principally to enable numbers and certain other determiner s to be applied to the noun .
This system is found in the Dravidian languages , but is otherwise uncommon around the world .
In summer , temperatures generally range from about 27 – 28 ° C in the day with high humidity and about 17 – 18 ° C at night .
A commonly reported example resulted in 1997 from a technical change in the way corporation tax is collected , the indirect effect of which was for the dividend s on stock investments held within pensions to be taxed , thus lowering pension returns and contributing to the demise of most of the final salary pension funds in the UK .
Doctors were given the right of opting out of out-of-hours care in 2007 , under a controversial pay deal , signed by then-Health Secretary John Reid , which awarded them a 22 % pay rise in 2006 .
The SSI weighed 29.7 kilograms and consumed , on average , 15 watts of power .
13 : " Thy plants are an orchard ( pardes ) of pomegranates , with pleasant fruits ; camphire , with spikenard " ; Ecclesiastes 2 .
The rhyolites of the Yellowstone caldera are examples of volcanic equivalents of A-type granite .
A similar tact is followed in 2005 's Shadowpact # 5 by Bill Willingham , which expands upon Gotham 's occult heritage by revealing a being who has slept for 40,000 years beneath the land upon which Gotham City was built .
Gotham City 's atmosphere took on a lighter tone in the comics of the 1950s and part of the 1960s , similar to the tone of Batman stories of that era .
As he leaves , he relegates the Silver Surfer to Earth for betraying him .
This permits them to understand that Galactus is a vital part of cosmic order , despite the continued loss of entire races .
The Surfer finds them and engages them in battle , drawing Aegis and Tenebrous into the barrier between the universe and the Negative Zone , which destroys them .
More are found in the surrounding countryside , some join with Xavier .
As noted above , climate model s are only able to simulate the temperature record of the past century when GHG forcing is included , being consistent with the findings of the IPCC which has stated that : " Greenhouse gas forcing , largely the result of human activities , has very likely caused most of the observed global warming over the last 50 years " The " standard " set of scenarios for future atmospheric greenhouse gases are the IPCC SRES scenarios .
Notably , even as the Report identifies increased air conditioner use as one of the ' solutions ' to climate change impacts , the Department of Energy has decided to roll back energy efficiency standards for air conditioners .
Truth or Consequences was the first game show to air on commercially-licensed television .
Naked City , led by avant-garde jazz saxophonist John Zorn , performed an avant-garde form of polystylistic , grindcore-influenced punk jazz .
Early life and education He was born in Pavia , Lombardy , the illegitimate child of Fazio Cardano , a mathematically gifted lawyer , who was a friend of Leonardo da Vinci .
Returning to England , he stayed in the south in order to try to end the dispute .
The supply of gunpowder was theoretically controlled by the government , but it was easily obtained from illicit sources .
The home of Anne Vaux at Enfield Chase was searched , revealing the presence of trap doors and hidden passages .
In the summer of 1606 , laws against recusancy were strengthened ; the Popish Recusants Act returned England to the Elizabethan system of fines and restrictions , introduced a sacramental test , and an Oath of Allegiance , requiring Catholics to abjure as a " heresy " the doctrine that " princes excommunicated by the Pope could be deposed or assassinated " .
There are many companies that specify the source of the gelatin used , and advise consumers via the nutrition information and/or their hotline .
The HTML element is everything between and including the start and end tags .
WYSIWYG editors There are some WYSIWYG editors ( What You See Is What You Get ) , in which the user lays out everything as it is to appear in the HTML document using a graphical user interface ( GUI ) , where the editor renders this as an HTML document , no longer requiring the author to have extensive knowledge of HTML .
Byzantine control over the sites of Israel and Judah and other parts of the Levant lasted until 636 , when it was conquered by Arabs and became a part of the Caliphate .
In Western Europe , Germanic peoples moved into positions of power in the remnants of the former Western Roman Empire and established kingdoms and empires of their own .
Fig Leaves ( 1926 ) Immediately after completing The Road to Glory Hawks began writing his next film , Fig Leaves , his first ( and only until 1935 ) comedy .
Louise Brooks plays the cabaret singer that the two men fall in love with .
However Hawks once again went over budget with this film and his relationship with Sol Wurtzel became worse .
The list detailed 95 assertions Luther believed to show corruption and misguidance within the Catholic Church .
Locarno paved the way for Germany 's admission to the League of Nations in 1926 .
With the collapse of Communism in 1989 , reunion on West Germany 's terms followed .
In 1990 FRG absorbed East Germany and gained full sovereignty over Berlin .
He is often pictured with the three-headed dog Cerberus .
The blood from all chthonic sacrifices including those to propitiate Hades dripped into a pit or cleft in the ground .
One is to take the NHS back more towards health prevention by tackling issues that are known to cause long term ill health .
See also Topics on status quo in health care U.S. and other national approaches to health care reform References External links
To avoid the implication of the naked " solvated proton " in solution , acidic aqueous solutions are sometimes considered to contain a less unlikely fictitious species , termed the " hydronium ion " ( ) .
The process also creates alumina , but the expensive gallium , which prevents the formation of an oxide skin on the pellets , can be re-used .
has several other important uses .
If helium-3 is used , it can be readily observed by helium nuclear magnetic resonance spectroscopy .
In 1886 , Henri Moissan , a chemist in Paris , performed electrolysis on potassium bifluoride dissolved in waterless hydrofluoric acid , and successfully produced fluorine .
Most interhalogen compounds are covalent gases .
40 million metric tons of chlorine are produced each year by the electrolysis of brine .
A home page , index page , or main page is a page on a website .
Conversion Binary conversion Most computers manipulate binary data , but it is difficult for humans to work with the large number of digits for even a relatively small binary number .
Hungary is a member of the European Union , NATO , the OECD , the Visegrád Group , and the Schengen Agreement .
Beer : Beer goes well with many traditional Hungarian dishes .
Historiography refers either to the study of the methodology and development of " history " ( as a discipline ) , or to a body of historical work on a specialized topic .
Scholars discuss historiography topically – such as the " historiography of Catholicism " , the " historiography of early Islam " , or the " historiography of China " – as well as specific approaches and genre s , such as political history and social history .
In many cases , this took several years while the King was held up by other tasks : frequently he first had to resolve conflicts in rebellious northern Italy , or was in quarrel with the Pope himself .
These new Frisians settled in the northern Netherlands and would become the ancestors of the modern Frisians .
The economy started to develop at a fast pace , and the higher productivity allowed workers to farm more land or to become tradesmen .
Spain could not afford to lose this rich land , nor allow it to fall from Catholic control .
The two bases of the Cape Colony 's economy for almost the entirety of its history were shipping and agriculture .
On 27 April a temporary truce came into effect , allowing the distribution of food aid to the starving Dutch civilians in areas under German control ( Operation Manna ) .
In a study of astronomers working in Chile at 5050 m , oxygen concentrators increased the level of oxygen concentration by almost 30 percent ( that is , from 21 percent to 27 percent ) .
References External links
Following a period of growing political instability in the early 20th century , in 1936 Spain was plunged into a bloody civil war .
Rather than there being any convenient date for the " fall of the Roman Empire " there was a progressive " de-Romanization " of the Western Roman Empire in Hispania and a weakening of central authority , throughout the 3rd , 4th and 5th centuries .
Early Modern Spain Dynastic Union In the 15th century , the most important among all of the separate Christian kingdoms that made up the old Hispania were the Kingdom of Castile ( occupying northern and central portions of the Iberian Peninsula ) the Crown of Aragon ( occupying northeastern portions of the peninsula ) and the kingdom of Portugal occupying the far western Iberian Peninsula .
Philip II died in 1598 , and was succeeded by his son Philip III .
Though militarily victorious in the 1957 – 1958 Moroccan invasion of Spanish West Africa , Spain gradually relinquished its remaining African colonies .
Muawiyah I the governor of Syria , a relative of Uthman ibn al-Affan and Marwan I wanted the culprils arrested .
Uqba won battles against the Berbers and Byzantines .
This would ease in the reign of Abd al-Malik ibn Marwan , a well-educated and capable ruler .
The Muslims sustained heavy losses .
At Samarra , the Turks were having problems with the " Westerns " ( Berbers and Moor s ) , while the Arabs and Persians at Baghdad , who had supported al-Musta ' in , regarded both with equal hatred .
Unlike other governments in the area , Fatimid advancement in state offices was based more on merit than heredity .
Muhammad I 's reign was marked by the movements of the Muladi ( ethnic Iberian Muslims ) and Mozarab s ( Muslim-Iberia Christians ) .
Ottoman Empire partition By the end of the 19th century , the Ottoman empire had declined .
The struggles for independence from their Turkish overlords and the cooperation of partisan forces with the British were romanticized in the stories of British secret intelligence agent T. E. Lawrence — later known as " Lawrence of Arabia . "
Hattusili I campaigned as far as the Amorite kingdom of Yamkhad in Syria , where he attacked , but did not capture , its capital of Aleppo .
In 2 Kings 7:6 , however , they are a people with their own kingdoms ( the passage refers to " kings " in the plural ) , apparently located outside geographic Canaan , and sufficiently powerful to put a Syrian army to flight .
Hormones with paracrine function diffuse through the interstitial spaces to nearby target tissues .
Examples of symptoms during sleep can include damp bed sheets or clothes from perspiration .
In the majority of children and adults with recurrent , unexplained hypoglycemia , the diagnosis may be determined by obtaining a sample of blood during hypoglycemia .
His father gave him a pocket watch in his early teens .
He describes himself as someone who raced only because in the 1890s through 1910s , one had to race because prevailing ignorance held that racing was the way to prove the worth of an automobile .
As a gateway to the Caribbean , Hispaniola became a haven for pirates .
Dessalines was proclaimed " Emperor for Life " by his troops .
The United States alone had provided Haiti with 1.5 billion in aid .
The slaves did not immediately flock to Sonthonax 's banner , however .
It was a deception ; Toussaint was seized and deported to France , where he died of pneumonia while imprisoned at Fort de Joux in the Jura Mountains in April 1803 .
By 1918 , more than of road had been built or repaired through the corvée system , including a road linking Port-au-Prince to Cap-Haïtien .
The election drew a voter turnout of more than 60 % , and the FL won a virtual sweep .
His selected replacement for the post was rejected by Parliament , throwing the country into a prolonged period without a government .
Since the demise of the Duvalier dictatorship in 1986 , international economists have urged Haiti to reform and modernize its economy .
Maintenance for RN1 and RN2 lapsed after the 1991 coup , prompting the World Bank to loan US$ 50 million designated for road repairs .
Crabeater , Ross and Weddell Seal s are occasional visitors .
Countries all over the world , the OAS , and the UN formally and unanimously condemned the action as a coup d'état and refused to recognize the de facto government , though a document submitted to the United States Congress declared the ouster to be legal according to the opinion of the lawyers consulted by the Library of Congress .
The Supreme Court upheld a lower court ruling that found a prior referendum based on the same issue unconstitutional and prohibited it .
Recent State Department estimates suggest there are between 800,000 and 1 million Hondurans living in the United States , nearly 15 % of the Honduran domestic population .
Francisco returned to Mexico in 1527 , and returned again to Spain with Cortés in 1528 .
Managing to get ashore , they were received by the Miskito , and within a generation had given birth to the Miskito Zambo , a mixed race group that by 1715 had become the leaders of the kingdom .
Other ethnicities Honduras hosts a significant Palestinian community ( the vast majority of whom are Christian Arabs ) .
Porfirio Pepe Lobo became the PNH candidate .
Mining income stimulated commercial and ancillary enterprises , built some infrastructure , and reduced monetary restraints on trade .
As one of the world 's leading international financial centre s , Hong Kong has a major capitalist service economy characterised by low taxation and free trade , and the currency , Hong Kong dollar , is the eighth most traded currency in the world .
Land use Arable land : 5.05 % Permanent crops : 1.01 % Other : 93.94 % ( 2001 est. ) Figures published by the United States Central Intelligence Agency Natural hazards Tropical cyclone s frequent Hong Kong during the summer months between June and August typically .
Hong Kong has a highly developed and sophisticated transport network , encompassing both public and private transport .
Over 90 % of the daily journeys are on public transport , making it the highest rate in the world .
The beacon was partially destroyed during early World War II by the Japanese attacks , but it was rebuilt in the early 1960s by men from the U.S. Coast Guard ship Blackhaw .
Hungary 's most significant natural resource is arable land .
Conscription was introduced on a national basis in 1939 .
Hg or HG may refer to : In science , medicine , and technology : In other uses : People with the initials See also
Hydrology is the study of the movement , distribution , and quality of water on Earth and other planets , including the hydrologic cycle , water resources and environmental watershed sustainability .
A practitioner of hydrology is a hydrologist , working within the fields of earth or environmental science , physical geography , geology or civil and environmental engineering .
An angry Frick then consulted with Hitler , who told him to agree to the proposals .
The duty officer , Captain Selvester , began a routine interrogation .
Hertz did not realize the practical importance of his experiments .
Alphabet Neither the old Hebrew script nor the modern Hebrew script have case , but five letters have special final form s , called sofit ( , meaning in this case " final " or " ending " ) form , used only at the end of a word , somewhat as in the Greek or in the Arabic and Mandaic alphabet s .
Israeli Hebrew has five vowel phonemes , , but many more written symbols for them : Note 1 : The symbol " ס " represents whatever Hebrew letter is used .
Hebrew ( ) ( , or ) is a West Semitic language of the Afroasiatic language family .
Historically , it is regarded as the language of the Hebrews / Israelites and their ancestors .
Horror is a film genre seeking to elicit a negative emotional reaction from viewers by playing on the audience 's primal fears .
Horror films often feature scenes that startle the viewer ; the macabre and the supernatural are frequent themes .
Franchise films such as Freddy vs. Jason also made a stand in theaters .
In addition to 2004 's remake of Dawn of the Dead , as well as 2003 's remake of both Herschell Gordon Lewis ' cult classic 2001 Maniacs and the remake of Tobe Hooper 's classic The Texas Chainsaw Massacre , there was also the 2007 Rob Zombie written and directed remake of John Carpenter 's Halloween .
It is made up of two epochs :
Wells reprised his Outline in 1922 with a much shorter popular work , A Short History of the World , and two long efforts , The Science of Life ( 1930 ) and The Work , Wealth and Happiness of Mankind ( 1931 ) .
In the late 1950s , Ellison wrote a number of erotic stories , such as " God Bless the Ugly Virgin " and " Tramp " , which were later reprinted in Los Angeles-based girlie magazine s. He first used the pseudonym Cordwainer Bird in July and August 1957 , in two journals , each of which had accepted two of his stories .
The raids , codenamed Operation Gomorrah by the RAF , killed at least 42,600 civilians ; the precise number is not known .
Lufthansa is the hub carrier , with the most flights , followed by Air Berlin .
Hamburg host 's many top team 's such as Uhlenhorster Hockey Club , Harvesterhuder Hockey Club and Club An Der Alster .
High anxiety is a non-technical term referring to a state of extreme fear or apprehension .
It may also mean : See also
The pronunciation may be a hypercorrection formed by analogy with the names of the other letters of the alphabet , most of which include the sound they represent .
The earliest clear written record of iron horseshoes is a reference to " crescent figured irons and their nails " in AD 910 .
As a consequence , the oxygen binding curve of hemoglobin is sigmoidal , or S-shaped , as opposed to the normal hyperbolic curve associated with noncooperative binding .
Following the Anarchy , England came to be ruled by the House of Plantagenet , a dynasty which also had claims to the Kingdom of France ; a succession crisis in France led to the Hundred Years Wars , a series of conflicts involving both nations peoples and leaders .
Returning England to Catholicism led to the burnings of 274 Protestants , which are recorded especially in John Foxe 's Book of Martyrs .
Mary then married her cousin Philip , son of Emperor Charles V , and King of Spain when Charles abdicated in 1556 .
She risked war with Spain by supporting the " Sea Dogs , " such as John Hawkins and Sir Francis Drake , who preyed on the Spanish merchant ships carrying gold and silver from the New World .
Formation of the United Kingdom The Acts of Union between the Kingdom of England and the Kingdom of Scotland were a pair of Parliamentary Acts passed by both parliaments in 1707 , which dissolved them in order to form a Kingdom of Great Britain governed by a unified Parliament of Great Britain according to the Treaty of Union .
On this date , the Scots Parliament and the English Parliament united to form the Parliament of Great Britain , based in the Palace of Westminster in London , the home of the English Parliament .
These were part of the statutory counties , but not part of the administrative counties .
The rate-capping rebellion was a campaign within English local councils in 1985 which aimed to force the Conservative government of Margaret Thatcher to withdraw powers to restrict the spending of councils .
After a crisis , a relapse might follow , and then another deciding crisis .
In the May 1928 elections the party only obtained twelve seats out of an available 491 .
There is increased sensitivity to radioiodine therapy in thyroids appearing on ultrasound scans as more uniform ( hypoechogenic ) , due to densely packed large cells , with 81 % later becoming hypothyroid , compared to just 37 % in those with more normal scan appearances ( normoechogenic ) .
It creates a new format built on portion addresses from Web pages ; when dereferenced , each portion on the resulting page remains click-connected to its original context — always a key aspect of transclusion for Nelson , but missing in most implementations of transclusion .
S. T. Joshi , in H. P. Lovecraft : The Decline of the West , places Spengler at the center of his discussion of Lovecraft 's political and philosophical ideas .
It is not known how many Roman legion s were sent ; only one legion , the II Augusta , commanded by the future emperor Vespasian , is directly attested to have taken part .
Carausius was a naval commander , probably in the English Channel .
During the Late Roman period it is likely that the shore forts played some role in continental trade alongside their defensive functions .
Note that in general only one source is shown below for each name , although many of the names are recorded in more than one of the sources .
There has been a shift towards early diagnosis and evaluation of functional status for individuals who have suffered from a stroke and presenting with pusher syndrome in order to decrease the time spent as an in-patient at hospitals and promote the return to function as early as possible .
Bergson did a large amount of travelling and lecturing in America during the war .
This derogatory form of the noun " hack " derives from the everyday English sense " to cut or shape by or as if by crude or ruthless strokes " [ Merriam-Webster ] and is even used among users of the positive sense of " hacker " who produces " cool " or " neat " hacks .
Heart of Darkness ( 1899 ) , by Joseph Conrad , is a short novel , presented as a frame narrative , about Charles Marlow ’s job as an ivory transporter down an unnamed river in Africa .
... a mighty big river , that you could see on the map , resembling an immense snake uncoiled , with its head in the sea , its body at rest curving afar over a vast country , and its tail lost in the depths of the land .
In contrast to the African woman ’s appearance , the Intended , one on first appearance to Marlow , is described as almost angelic or ethereal .
In early centuries CE several schools of Hindu philosophy were formally codified , including Samkhya , Yoga , Nyaya , Vaisheshika , Purva-Mimamsa and Vedanta .
However , escaping the world of samsara through moksha is believed to ensure lasting happiness and peace .
Cow-slaughter is legally banned in almost all states of India .
In addition , the Brazilian Constitution defines as a " fundamental goal of the Republic " ( Article 3rd , clause IV ) " to promote the wealth of all , with no prejudice as to origin , race , sex , color , age , and any other forms of discrimination " .
Theories that Andersen may have been an illegitimate son of King Christian VII persist .
Yet Heilbrun argued that men have for centuries completely misinterpreted Gertrude .
Heiner Müller 's cutting-edge drama " The Hamletmachine " was first produced in Paris by director Jean Jourdheuil in 1979 and swiftly became a classic of postmodern drama .
For this and other reasons , the idea of representing the relationships between West Germanic language forms in a tree diagram at all is controversial among linguists .
The words were written by Evan James and the tune composed by his son , James James , both residents of Pontypridd , Glamorgan , in January 1856 .
According to John Major 's autobiography , the first thing Redwood 's successor William Hague said , on being appointed , was that he had better find someone to teach him the words .
These concepts make up the majority of the HyperCard system ; stacks , backgrounds and cards provide a form-like GUI system , the stack file provides object persistence and database-like functionality , and HyperTalk allows handlers to be written for GUI events .
It was not lost on Apple or its mainstream developers that the power HyperCard gave to people could cut into the sales of ordinary shrink-wrapped products .
Histology ( compound of the Greek words : " tissue " , and - ) is the study of the microscopic anatomy of cells and tissues of plant s and animal s. It is commonly performed by examining cells and tissues by sectioning and staining , followed by examination under a light microscope or electron microscope .
Histological studies may be conducted via tissue culture , where live cells can be isolated and maintained in a proper environment outside the body for various research projects .
Thus , his historian style has been imitated all through the ages , and had a strong impact in Edward Gibbon and Montesquieu .
In 1946 , he received the Nobel Prize in Literature .
Applets can also play media in formats that are not natively supported by the browser HTML pages may embed parameters that are passed to the applet .
In 2010 , Oracle sued Google for using Java " in a wrong way " , claiming that " Google 's Android competes with Oracle America 's Java " and that " Google has been aware of Sun ’s patent portfolio ... since Google hired certain former Sun Java engineers " .
There is a multi-faith prayer room and counselling room in each terminal in addition to St. George 's Interdenominational Chapel located in an underground vault adjacent to the old control tower , where Christian services take place .
Regulation As Heathrow Airport Holdings owns Heathrow and Stansted , two of London 's major airports ( respectively the first and third busiest by passengers in London ) , it holds a dominant position in the London aviation market and is heavily regulated by the Civil Aviation Authority ( CAA ) as to the amounts that it charges airlines to land at Heathrow .
Hipparchus is considered the greatest ancient astronomical observer and , by some , the greatest overall astronomer of antiquity .
Hipparchus obtained information from Alexandria as well as Babylon , but it is not known when or if he visited these places .
It is known today that the planet s , including the Earth , move in approximate ellipse s around the Sun , but this was not discovered until Johannes Kepler published his first two laws of planetary motion in 1609 .
Huldrych ( or Ulrich/Ulricht ) Zwingli ( 1 January 1484 – 11 October 1531 ) was a leader of the Reformation in Switzerland .
Born during a time of emerging Swiss patriotism and increasing criticism of the Swiss mercenary system , he attended the University of Vienna and the University of Basel , a scholarly centre of humanism .
After he was arrested and tried , he was executed on 5 January 1527 by being drowned in the Limmat river .
Hence , the eucharist was " a memorial of the sacrifice " .
These attributes serve to aid the student in his/her independent learning .
The typical length of a hydrogen bond in water is 197 pm .
Generally , the hydrogen bond is characterized by a proton acceptor that is a lone pair of electrons in nonmetallic atoms ( most notably in the nitrogen , and chalcogen groups ) .
Heretic is a dark fantasy first-person shooter video game created by Raven Software , published by id Software , and distributed by GT Interactive in 1994 .
It was made available on Steam on August 3 , 2007 .
During a battle between Corvus and Morcalavin , Corvus switches the false tome for his real one , curing Morcalavin ’s insanity and ending the plague .
Scotland was largely converted to Christianity by Irish-Scots missions associated with figures such as St Columba , from the fifth to the seventh centuries .
During Robert III 's reign ( 1390 – 1406 ) , actual power rested largely in the hands of his brother , Robert Stewart , Duke of Albany .
His cause , which became known as Jacobitism , from the Latin ( Jacobus ) for James , led to a series of risings .
The designation of individual clan tartans was largely defined in this period and became a major symbol of Scottish identity .
The blow catches Claggart squarely on the forehead and , after a gasp or two , the master-at-arms perishes .
Records were now played on a stereo .
In 1926 General Motors ( Australia ) was established with assembly plants at Newstead , Queensland ; Marrickville , New South Wales ; City Road , Melbourne , Victoria ; Birkenhead , South Australia ; and Cottesloe , Western Australia utilizing bodies produced by Holden Motor Body Builders and imported complete knock down ( CKD ) chassis .
This came just over half a decade since the one millionth car , an EJ Premier sedan rolled off the Dandenong line on 25 October 1962 .
On 26 April 1990 GM 's New Zealand subsidiary , Holden New Zealand , announced that production at the assembly plant based in Trentham would be phased out and that vehicles would be imported duty - free .
UAAI was dissolved in 1996 , and Holden returned to selling only GM products .
This arrangement continued through to 2005 when the car was discontinued .
The long-wheelbase Statesman sales in the Chinese market as the Buick Royaum began in 2005 , before being replaced in 2007 by the Statesman-based Buick Park Avenue .
The survivors washed up on the shores of the Netherlands .
It was programmable via punched paper tape , and contained several calculation units working in parallel .
Initially the only devices available were germanium point-contact transistor s , which although less reliable than the vacuum tubes they replaced had the advantage of consuming far less power .
Depending on maturity , breed , and work expected , horses are usually put under saddle and trained to be ridden between the ages of two and four .
Sometimes , concentrated feed such as grain is fed in addition to pasture or hay , especially when the animal is very active .
It appears that Ebbinghaus recognized this , and only referred to the strings of syllables as “ nonsense ” in that the syllables might less likely have a specific meaning and that no attempt to make associations with them for easier retrieval .
On Earth , the cold side of any heat engine is limited to being close to the ambient temperature of the environment , or not much lower than 300 Kelvin , so most efforts to improve the thermodynamic efficiencies of various heat engines focus on increasing the temperature of the source , within material limits .
Heimdallr advises that they simply dress Thor up as Freyja , during which he is described as hvítastr ása — literally " whitest of the gods " ( although Thorpe 's translation below renders hvítastr as " brightest " ) — and is said to have foresight like the Vanir , a group of gods : Regarding Heimdallr 's whiteness and the comparison to the Vanir , scholar John Lindow comments that there are no other indications of Heimdallr being considered among the Vanir , and that Heimdallr 's status as " whitest of the gods " has not been explained .
( The House of Commons , however , often waives its privileges and allows the Upper House to make amendments with financial implications . )
Other ecclesiastics have sat in the House of Lords as Lords Temporal in recent times : Chief Rabbi Immanuel Jakobovits was appointed to the House of Lords ( with the consent of the Queen , who acted on the advice of Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher ) , and his successor Chief Rabbi Jonathan Sacks does as well .
After seeking advice from the Attorney General for England and Wales and the former Lord Chancellor Lord Mackay of Clashfern , the committee decided that the House " possessed an inherent power " to suspend errant members , although not to withhold a Writ of summons nor to expel a member permanently .
He was educated at Caius College , Cambridge , and , after associating with the Puritan party in the Church , eventually joined the Separatist s. Driven abroad about 1593 , he found a home in " a blind lane at Amsterdam " , acting as " porter " to a bookseller , who , on discovering his knowledge of Hebrew , introduced him to other scholars .
This is because it would take too long to print new notes .
France During the French Revolution , the National Assembly issued bonds backed by seized church property called Assignats .
The result was that to pay its expenditures Mugabe ’s government and Gideon Gono ’s Reserve Bank printed more and more notes with higher face values .
The Bawdwin mine ultimately became the chief source of Hoover 's fortune .
He carefully selected men to assist in the agency leadership – Alonzo Taylor ( technical abilities ) , Robert Taft ( political associations ) , Gifford Pinchot ( agricultural influence ) and Julius Barnes ( business acumen ) .
His Rapidan fishing camp in Virginia , which he had donated to the government in 1933 , is now a National Historic Landmark within the Shenandoah National Park .
Several factors figure into the decline : one is the fact that the average family nowadays consists of fewer people , so fewer people live in each house ; second , the town is virtually unable to expand because all the surrounding lands were sold to the Gooisch Natuurreservaat by city architect W.M. Dudok .
The technology was also deemed as inherently unsafe for strategic and military use , because there were no alternative paths for the communication in case of an enemy attack .
NSI was established to provide a totally integrated communications infrastructure to the NASA scientific community for the advancement of earth , space and life sciences .
As of 2006 , search engine rankings are more important than ever , so much so that an industry has developed ( " search engine optimizers " , or " SEO " ) to help web-developers improve their search ranking , and an entire body of case law has developed around matters that affect search engine rankings , such as use of trademarks in metatags .
The sale of search rankings by some search engines has also created controversy among librarians and consumer advocates .
In a verse epistle to Augustus ( Epistle 2.1 ) , in 12 BC , Horace argued for classic status to be awarded to contemporary poets , including Virgil and apparently himself .
Ovid 's Ibis was a rare attempt at the form but it was inspired mainly by Callimachus , and there are some iambic elements in Martial but the main influence there was Catullus .
That was also the year that the Scot George Buchanan paraphrased the Psalms in a Horatian setting .
A re-appraisal of the Epodes also appears in creative adaptations by recent poets ( such as a 2004 collection of poems that relocates the ancient context to a 1950s industrial town ) .
Windows 95 added additional 32-bit capabilities ( however , MS-DOS , some of the kernel , and supplementary utilities such as Disk Defragment remained 16-bit ) and implemented a new object oriented user interface , elements of which are still used today .
Culture The biggest historical museum in Helsinki is the National Museum of Finland , which displays a vast historical collection from prehistoric times to the 21st century .
Hobart is home to the following Antarctic and Southern Ocean scientific institutions : Distinctive features The Royal Tasmanian Botanical Gardens is a popular recreation area a short distance from the City centre .
In addition , founding member of Violent Femmes , Brian Ritchie , now calls Hobart home , and has formed a local band , The Green Mist .
During his time as government advisor , he published a report in which he stated the importance of pure cultures in isolating disease-causing organisms and explained the necessary steps to obtain these cultures , methods which are summarized in Koch ’s four postulates .
In the Motocross World Championship , Honda has claimed six world championships .
It concludes with the tagline : " More forwards please " .
Their desk is located in between the two substitutions areas .
Note that the only reason we had to split into two cases was to ensure that the powers of X multiplying the factors , were non-negative in the constructions .
His mother , Anita Frances ( née Levy ; later Livingston ; May 22 , 1926 – July 1981 ) , was a lawyer and judge in New Orleans and , later , a Louisiana Supreme Court justice .
The soundtrack consisted of several standards , including " It Had to Be You " , " Let 's Call the Whole Thing Off " and " Do n't Get Around Much Anymore " , and achieved double-platinum status in the United States .
Hydrostatic shock or hydraulic shock describes the observation that a penetrating projectile can produce remote wounding and incapacitating effects in living targets through a hydraulic effect in their liquid-filled tissues , in addition to local effects in tissue caused by direct impact .
There is scientific evidence that hydrostatic shock can produce remote neural damage and produce incapacitation more quickly than blood loss effects .
The North American Hunting Club suggests big game cartridges that create enough hydrostatic shock to quickly bring animals down .
Later writers took even more freedom , some even including allegory and metaphor in their texts .
They are similar in appearance and purpose to airfoil s. Second , the term " hydrofoil " is often used to refer to boats using hydrofoil technology .
Commercial use of hydrofoils in the U.S. first appeared in 1961 when two commuter vessels were commissioned by Harry Gale Nye , Jr. 's North American Hydrofoils to service the route from Atlantic Highlands , New Jersey to the financial district of Lower Manhattan .
Early life Kissinger was born Heinz Alfred Kissinger in Fürth , Bavaria , Germany , in 1923 during the Weimar Republic , to a family of German Jews .
At the free end of the body is a mouth opening surrounded by one to twelve thin , mobile tentacle s. Each tentacle , or cnida ( plural : cnidae ) , is clothed with highly specialised stinging cells called cnidocyte s. Cnidocytes contain specialized structures called nematocyst s , which look like miniature light bulbs with a coiled thread inside .
Louvre Museum In numismatics Hercules was among the earliest figures on ancient Roman coinage , and has been the main motif of many collector coins and medals since .
The inside encompasses the central business district and many residential neighborhoods that predate World War II .
The port ranks first in the United States in international commerce , and is the tenth-largest port in the world .
Houston received the official nickname of " Space City " in 1967 because it is the location of NASA 's Lyndon B. Johnson Space Center .
jpg | The Williams Tower in the Uptown District is the tallest building in the United States outside of a central business district .
Performance is specified by the time to move the heads to a file ( Average Access Time ) plus the time it takes for the file to move under its head ( average latency , a function of the physical rotational speed in revolutions per minute ) and the speed at which the file is transmitted ( data rate ) .
Opposite the actuator at the end of the head support arm is the read-write head ; thin printed-circuit cables connect the read-write heads to amplifier electronics mounted at the pivot of the actuator .
Latency Latency is the delay for the rotation of the disk to bring the required disk sector under the read-write mechanism .
Since the adoption of a fixed calendar , intercalations in the Hebrew calendar have been assigned to fixed points in a 19-year cycle .
( e.g. ) During the Greek period , Seleucid era counting was used , ( e.g. 1 Maccabees 1:54 ) at least in the Greek-influenced area of Israel .
Harrisonburg may refer to a place in the United States :
The Levant is the geographical region bordering the Mediterranean , roughly between Egypt and Anatolia ( modern Turkey ) .
The Southern Levant is roughly encompassed by Israel , the Palestinian territories , Jordan and the southern part of Lebanon .
jpg | Straight pane sledgehammer File : Hammer twist .
By this time , the office of duke of Swabia had been fully subsumed into the office of the king , and without royal authority had become meaningless .
In the late 1990s , Malaysia was shaken by the Asian financial crisis , which damaged Malaysia 's assembly line based economy .
However , persecution and the economic crisis that affected the Roman empire in the 3rd century led to further Jewish migration from Palestine to the more tolerant Persian Sassanid Empire , where a prosperous Jewish community with extensive seminaries existed in the area of Babylon .
From 1260 to 1291 the area became the frontier between Mongol invaders ( occasional Crusader allies ) and the Mamluks of Egypt .
Hamas ' leaders rejected all agreements signed with Israel , refused to recognize Israel 's right to exist , refused to abandon terror , and occasionally claimed the Holocaust was a Jewish conspiracy .
Sometimes unicyclists on campus also meet to play unicycle hockey .
The lifespan of a Brahmās is not stated but is not eternal .
Near death experiences Many people who come close to death and have near death experience s report meeting relatives or entering " the Light " in an otherworldly dimension , which share similarities with the religious concept of Heaven .
Kingdom On 21 November 1949 , the UN General Assembly passed a resolution stating that Libya should become independent before 1 January 1952 .
The Timurks , a Turkic people , brought the Turkic nomadic culture of Central Asia within the orbit of Persian civilisation , establishing Herat on of the most cultured and refined cities in the world .
On 4 August 1936 , with the King 's support , he suspended parliament and established the 4th of August Regime .
Communist successes in 1947 – 1948 enabled them to move freely over much of mainland Greece , but with extensive reorganization , the deportation of rural populations and American material support , the National Army was slowly able to regain control over most of the countryside .
The developmental strategy adopted by the country was embodied in centrally organized five-year plans ; yet their orientation was indistinct .
Christian chronology In Christian circles a Euhemerist reading of the widespread Heracles cult was attributed to a historical figure who had been offered cult status after his death .
The Rollins Band signed to Dreamworks Records in 1997 and soon released Come in and Burn , but it did not receive as much critical acclaim as their previous material .
svg | Charles V as Holy Roman Emperor with Supporters and Motto .
They held onto the southern Catholic part ( roughly modern Belgium and Luxembourg ) as the Spanish and Austrian Netherlands until they were conquered by French Revolutionary armies in 1795 .
The House of Lords was permitted only to delay most legislation , for a maximum of three parliamentary sessions or two calendar years ( reduced to two sessions or one year by the Parliament Act 1949 ) .
A Speaker-elect can not take office until he or she has been approved by the Sovereign ; the granting of the royal approbation , however , is a formality .
At each lobby are two tellers ( themselves Members of the House ) who count the votes of the members .
A new ( in 2009 ) nongovernmental human-rights conference is the Oslo Freedom Forum , a gathering described by The Economist as " on its way to becoming a human-rights equivalent of the Davos economic forum . "
Despite variations in wording and placement of the various fair trial rights , international human rights instrument define the right to a fair trial in broadly the same terms .
The aim of the right is to ensure the proper administration of justice .
When a new entry has to be inserted , the buckets are examined , starting with the hashed-to slot and proceeding in some probe sequence , until an unoccupied slot is found .
If all hash functions are used and there is still a collision , then the key it collided with is removed to make space for the new key , and the old key is re-hashed with one of the other hash functions , which maps it to another bucket .
Hash tables are particularly efficient when the maximum number of entries can be predicted in advance , so that the bucket array can be allocated once with the optimum size and never resized .
The two main pronunciations of Modern Israeli Hebrew are Oriental and Non-Oriental .
It is used for loanwords with non-native Hebrew sounds and only in Israeli Hebrew .
Below is an overview table of the relationships of the House of Hohenzollern : Swabian senior branch The senior Swabian branch of the House of Hohenzollern was founded by Frederick II , Burgrave of Nuremberg .
Modern winch tows typically utilize hydraulic systems designed to regulate line tension , this reduces scenarios for lock out as strong winds result in additional length of rope spooling out rather than direct tension on the tow line .
The Roman Empire had difficulty responding to all the barbarian raids , and Flavius Aëtius had to use these tribes against each other in order to maintain some Roman control .
The Conseil du Roi , which would evolve into the Parlement , was founded in these times .
Toward this end , Hippolyte Passy was appointed Finance Minister .
The country interfered in Korea in 1866 taking , once again , missionaries ' murders as a pretext .
The case , Chilvers , Hayling , and a replica of Chilvers ' original board were featured on an episode of the BBC 's The One Show in 2009 .
Progressive presses hold all the dies needed , plus a powder measure and a primer feed , and often also include an additional station where the powder levels are checked , to prevent over or under charges .
Plated bullets fall between cast and traditional jacketed bullets in price .
The Bulletin magazine featured a story supporting the suicide theory .
History Antecedents : 1950s to mid-1960s Heavy metal 's quintessential guitar style , built around distortion-heavy riffs and power chords , traces its roots to early 1950s Memphis electric blues guitarists such as Joe Hill Louis , Willie Johnson , and particularly Pat Hare , who captured a " grittier , nastier , more ferocious electric guitar sound " on records such as James Cotton 's " Cotton Crop Blues " ( 1954 ) ; the late 1950s instrumentals of Link Wray , particularly " Rumble " ( 1958 ) ; the early 1960s surf rock music of Dick Dale , including " Let 's Go Trippin ' " ( 1961 ) and " Misirlou " ( 1962 ) ; and The Kingsmen 's version of " Louie , Louie " ( 1963 ) , which made it a garage rock standard .
The Tel Dan stele ( c. 841 ) tells of the death of a king of Israel , probably Jehoram , at the hands of a king of Aram Damascus .
Some modern commentators see this period as a civil war between hellenized and orthodox Jews .
However , as of mid-2010 , various well-known effective techniques for arithmetic coding have passed into the public domain as the early patents have expired .
A plasma enzyme called lecithin-cholesterol acyltransferase ( LCAT ) converts the free cholesterol into cholesteryl ester ( a more hydrophobic form of cholesterol ) , which is then sequestered into the core of the lipoprotein particle , eventually making the newly synthesized HDL spherical .
Venues for spectator sports in Honolulu include : Aloha Stadium , a venue for American football and football ( soccer ) , is located in Halawa , just outside Honolulu .
In one of these kingdoms , Magadha , Mahavira and Gautama Buddha were born in the 6th or 5th century BCE and propagated their śramanic philosophies .
Tools crafted by proto-humans that have been dated back two million years have been discovered in the northwestern part of the subcontinent .
The resulting " Indo-Muslim " fusion of cultures left lasting syncretic monuments in architecture , music , literature , religion , and clothing .
The First Carnatic War extended from 1746 until 1748 and was the result of colonial competition between France and Britain , two of the countries involved in the War of Austrian Succession .
1971 – 1974 : The boys in orange The fashion trends of the 1960s had started taking root in baseball .
An adaptation of his novel Salka Valka was filmed by Sven Nykvist in 1954 .
Illyricum was later divided into the provinces of Dalmatia and Pannonia .
Outside of Albania William was styled prince , but in Albania he was referred to as Mbret ( King ) so as not to seem inferior to the King of Montenegro .
One month later , in March 1920 , U.S. President Woodrow Wilson intervened to block the Paris agreement .
In December 1976 , Albania adopted its second Stalinist constitution of the postwar era .
Cook Islands In Cook Islands history , migrants from French Polynesia are believed to have arrived on the southern island group around 800 AD .
In the history of Marquesas Islands , the first recorded settlers of the Marquesas were Polynesians , who , from archеological evidence , are believed to have arrived before 100 AD .
The islands were given their name by the Spanish explorer Álvaro de Mendaña de Neira who reached them on 21 July 1595 .
The original type was the arched harp as seen at Choghâ Miš and on later third millennium seals ( fig. 1a-c ) .
The traditional French schooling allows for the right arm to be lightly rested against the harp using the wrist to sometimes bring the hand only away from the string .
Use in musicThe harp found its early orchestral use in concerti by many baroque and classical composers ( Handel , J. C. Bach , Mozart , Albrechtsberger , Schenck , Dussek , Spohr ) and in the opera houses of London , Paris and Berlin and most other capitals .
The solid sphere is the best way in which to minimize the gravitational potential energy of a physical object ; having hollowness is unfavorable in the energetic sense .
In its election manifesto for the 2006 Palestinian legislative election , Hamas omitted a call for an end to Israel , though it did still call for armed struggle against the occupation .
The Palestinian Center for Human Rights condemned the new laws .
Since Hamas took control of the Gaza Strip in 2007 , some of its members have attempted to impose Islamic dress or the hijab head covering on women .
Only the Gharkad tree , ( evidently a certain kind of tree ) would not do that because it is one of the trees of the Jews . " "
The video 's narration explains that Hamas indoctrinates these child combatants and that Hamas operators send the children " on missions from which they would not risk their own lives . "
Workbench was based on an internal engine developed mostly by RJ Mical , called Intuition , which drove all the input events .
At the end of the conflicts , National unity government was formed by Fouad Siniora on July 11 , 2008 and Hezbollah has one minister and controls eleven of thirty seats in the cabinet .
Lebanese security sources said that the three were Hezbollah members .
Since phosphorus is contained in DNA but not amino acids , radioactive phosphorus-32 was used to label the DNA contained in the T2 phage .
In Chicago 's discothèque s it catered mainly to African-American and gay audiences .
Career William Heath Robinson was born at 25 Ennis Road on 31st May 1872 into a family of artists in an area of London known as Stroud Green .
Scipio retreated across the river Trebia to camp at Placentia with his army mostly intact .
These two bodies came from the wealthy , commercial families of Carthage .
However , he failed to reach fifty in the next two tests and four ODIs as both series were drawn .
The House of Commons ceased considering petitions to reverse the judgements of lower courts in 1399 , effectively leaving the House of Lords as the court of last resort .
The Lord shall say : " My Lords , I beg leave to ask the Question standing in my name on the Order Paper " .
Since the Parliament of the United Kingdom was set up in reliance on these promises , it may be that it has no power to make laws that break them .
The figures are arranged around the forecourt and monumental stairway in front of the Santuário do Bom Jesus do Matosinhos at Congonhas .
jpg | '' Peonies '' , by Yun Shouping ( 1633 – 1690 ) , Chinese Image : Ch20 asago .
Image : Meister des Gîtâ-Govinda-Manuskripts 001 .
Painting on pottery of Ancient Greece and ceramics gives a particularly informative glimpse into the way society in Ancient Greece functioned .
Surrealist groups in Japan , and especially in Latin America , the Caribbean and in Mexico produced innovative and original works .
jpg | Lucian Freud 1951 – 1952 , British Figurative painting Image : ' Natura Morta ' , oil on canvas painting by Giorgio Morandi , 1956 , private collection .
jpg | Josef Albers 1965 , Geometric abstraction [ [ Image : Newman-Who 's Afraid of Red , Yellow and Blue .
= = = = Compounds = = = = Compounds have been present in the language since the Proto-Uralic era .
The month can be written by its full name or can be abbreviated , or even denoted by Roman or Arabic numerals .
The course consists of 21 chapters with dialogues , culture notes , grammar and exercises .
The Hymenoptera are one of the largest orders of insect s , comprising the sawflies , wasp s , bee s and ant s. Over 130,000 species are recognized , with many more remaining to be described .
The name refers to the wings of the insects , and is derived from the Ancient Greek ( hymen ) : membrane and ( pteron ) : wing .
He was a descendant in the sixth generation of English colonist James Hamlin , who had settled in the Massachusetts Bay Colony in 1639 .
root : = start while root * 2 + 1 ≤ end do ( While the root has at least one child ) child : = root * 2 + 1 ( root * 2 + 1 points to the left child ) swap : = root ( keeps track of child to swap with ) ( check if root is smaller than left child ) if a [ swap ] start parent : = floor ( ( child - 1 ) / 2 ) if a [ parent ] < a [ child ] then ( out of max-heap order ) swap ( a [ parent ] , a [ child ] ) child : = parent ( repeat to continue sifting up the parent now ) else return Example Let be the list that we want to sort from the smallest to the largest .
The heliacal rising of the next decan star marked the start of a new civil week , which was then ten days .
Archeologists like William G. Dever have pointed at archaeological evidence for the iconoclasm during the period of Hezekiah 's reign .
The Appalachian region was largely settled in the 18th century by the Ulster Scots , protestants who migrated to the Irish province of Ulster during the Plantation of Ulster in the 17th century .
The Internet continues this integration .
Many a career in the Bureau had been quietly manipulated by her .
In 2002 a dig for the Channel 4 series Time Team unearthed a series of timbers driven vertically into the ground on the south bank of the Thames next to the SIS Building in Vauxhall which suggests the presence of a bridge or jetty 3,000 years ago .
Under James I the theatre , which established itself so firmly in the latter years of Elizabeth , grew further in popularity .
A different approach to celestial phenomena was taken by natural philosophers such as Plato and Aristotle .
The Haber process , also called the Haber – Bosch process , is the industrial implementation of the reaction of nitrogen gas and hydrogen gas .
It is the main industrial route to ammonia : Nitrogen is a critical limiting mineral nutrient in plant growth .
Several more appearances followed in her subsequent plays .
Though he submitted to Jack Warner on that picture , he successfully turned down God is My Co-Pilot ( 1945 ) .
Santana made two other films without him : And Baby Makes Three ( 1949 ) and The Family Secret ( 1951 ) .
Bogart performed radio adaptations of some of his best known films , such as Casablanca and The Maltese Falcon .
The collection of such hyperbolas for a whole year at a given location was called a pelekinon by the Greeks , since it resembles a double-bladed axe .
Howard Robard Hughes , Jr. .
( December 24 , 1905 – April 5 , 1976 ) was an American business magnate , investor , aviator , aerospace engineer , film maker and philanthropist .
Bessie Love was a mistress during his first marriage .
There is little documentation about John after his wife 's death .
In his Essay Upon Several Subjects Concerning British Antiquities , written just after the Jacobite rising of 1745 he described how the politics of Scotland were not based on loyalty to Kings or Queens as Jacobites had said but on royal land grants given in return for loyalty .
At the official level , Catholicism ’s commitment to “ Humanae Vitae ” is more stable than ever .
The Japanese Wikipedia , started as nihongo.wikipedia.com , was created around that period , and initially used only Romanized Japanese .
One of the earliest formal registries was General Stud Book for Thoroughbreds , which began in 1791 and traced back to the Arabian stallions imported to England from the Middle East that became the foundation stallions for the breed .
Horses with the same sire but different dams are simply said to be " by the same sire " , and no sibling relationship is implied . "
Effects on the reproductive system during the estrous cycle Changes in hormone levels can have great effects on the physical characteristics of the reproductive organs of the mare , thereby preparing , or preventing , her from conceiving .
The CDPs in Harwich are Harwich Center , Harwich Port ( including South Harwich ) , East Harwich and Northwest Harwich ( including West Harwich , North Harwich , and Pleasant Lake ) .
Therapeutic cloning involves cloning cells from an adult for use in medicine and transplants , and is an active area of research .
There , cultural life flourished .
Between 9000 and 5000 BCE , Niger – Congo speakers domesticated the oil palm and raffia palm .
By the 32nd century BCE , Ta-Seti was in decline .
Carthage fought three wars with Rome : the First Punic War ( 264 to 241 BCE ) , over Sicily ; the Second Punic War ( 218 to 201 BCE ) , in which Hannibal invaded Europe ; and the Third Punic War ( 149 to 146 BCE ) .
The treaty controlled relations between Christian Nubia and Islamic Egypt for almost six hundred years .
Madagascar functioned in the East African medieval period as a contact port for the other Swahili seaport city-states such as Sofala , Kilwa , Mombasa , and Zanzibar .
Early cinema was inspired by many aspects of horror literature , and early horror cinema started a strong tradition of horror films and subgenres based on horror fiction that continues to this day .
The square root function can be defined as and is therefore holomorphic wherever the logarithm log ( z ) is .
Divisive as the violence was , it was a debate over the rule of law that set off the party 's final breakup in November 2005 .
An estimated 18 million people passed through the Gulag system , and perhaps another 15 million had experience of some other form of forced labor .
In 1964 Khrushchev was impeached by the Communist Party 's Central Committee , charging him with a host of errors that included Soviet setbacks such as the Cuban Missile Crisis .
The native inhabitants were persecuted until the Frankish king Clovis I converted from paganism to Roman Catholic ism in 496 .
On 30 November 1894 , Pope Leo XIII published the Apostolic Letter Orientalium Dignitas ( On the Churches of the East ) safeguarding the importance and continuance of the Eastern traditions for the whole Church .
He is gifted in swimming , archery , fighting and music and Nanna , daughter of King Gevarus falls in love with him .
Thor o in particular shatters all opposition with his mighty club .
Zaman Khan and several of his family members were killed while his son Ahmad Khan ( Durrani ) and Zulfiqar Khan were taken as prisoners to Kandahar in the south .
Although Herāt is approximately lower than Kandahar , the summer climate is more temperate , and the climate throughout the year is far from disagreeable .
A Norwegian skald , quoted by Snorri Sturluson , describes the sack as follows : In 1066 the town was sacked and burned by East Slavs .
Hazāra ( ) are a Persian-speaking people who mainly live in central Afghanistan .
They are overwhelmingly Twelver Shia Muslim s and comprise the third largest ethnic group of Afghanistan , forming about 18 % to 25 % of the total population .
Many young Hazara are studying in developed countries such as Australia , legally through education or work visas .
Haider Ali Karmal Jaghori was a prominent political thinker of the Hazara people in Pakistan writing about the political history of Hazara people .
This is a version by composer Dario Marianelli of Purcell 's Abdelazar theme .
Riders of Indian motorcycles derisively referred to this model as the " three cylinder Harley " because the generator was upright and parallel to the front cylinder .
However , the company did offer to drop the request for the tariff in exchange for loan guarantees from the Japanese .
Bob = Yes , I did .
The pattern ( also known as the Phalaecian ) is as follows ( using " - " for a long syllable , " u " for a short and " x " for an " anceps " or variable syllable ) : x x - u u - u - u - - ( where x x is either - u or - - or u - ) Another form of hendecasyllabic verse is the " Sapphic " ( so named for its use in the Sapphic stanza ) , with the pattern : - x - x - u u - u - - " The hendecasyllabic offers the opportunity to maintain the basic sapphic rhythm for a long period , building up momentum . "
Norse control of the Hebrides was formalised in 1098 when Edgar of Scotland formally signed the islands over to Magnus III of Norway .
Watson ( 1926 ) offers the Old Irish hirt , a word meaning " death " , possibly relating to the dangerous seas .
In relation to Dubh Artach , R. L. Stevenson believed that " black and dismal " was a translation of the name , noting that " as usual , in Gaelic , it is not the only one . "
Avian life includes the Corncrake , Red-throated Diver , Rock Dove , Kittiwake , Tystie , Atlantic Puffin , Goldeneye , Golden Eagle and White-tailed Sea Eagle .
The Heracleidae ruled in Lacedaemon until 221 BCE , but disappeared much earlier in the other countries .
The existence of a fourth group , " P " , has been hypothesised based on a virus isolated in 2009 .
His father was William , who had originally been the Duke of Normandy and then , following the invasion of 1066 , became the King of England , with lands stretching into Wales .
Hostages were exchanged in a bid to avoid conflict , but relations broke down and both sides mutilated their captives .
Ancestry and early life Henry VII was born at Pembroke Castle on 28 January 1457 to the 13-year-old Margaret Beaufort , Countess of Richmond .
Anne , however , resisted his attempts to seduce her , and refused to become his mistress as her sister Mary Boleyn had .
Haryana Government has its own state-wide area network by which all government offices of 21 districts and 127 blocks across the state are connected with each other thus making it the first SWAN of the country .
Culture Himachal was one of the few states that had remained largely untouched by external customs , largely due to its difficult terrain .
Private FM stations are also available in few cities like Shimla .
A major effort to translate the Arabic and Greek scientific works into Latin emerged .
A comparison of British and French surgical work on wounded sailors at the Battle of Trafalgar of 1805 shows that Royal Navy surgeons practiced triage , amputated immediately rather than delay the operation , and kept surgical areas clean .
Elizabeth Blackwell ( 1821 – 1910 ) became the first woman to formally study and practice medicine in the United States .
Processes of long-term institutional segregation , allowing for the psychiatric conceptualisation of the natural course of mental illness , supported the perspective that the insane were a distinct population , subject to mental pathologies stemming from specific medical causes .
The last British monarch who ruled in Hanover was William IV : Salic law , which required succession by the male line , forbade the accession of Queen Victoria in Hanover .
Other gardens are the Guelph Garden with the Guelph Palace and the Prince Garden .
In the district of Groß-Buchholz the 282 metres high Telemax is located , which is the tallest building in Lower Saxony and the highest television tower in Northern Germany .
People who are interested in astronomy should visit the Observatory Geschwister Herrschel on the Lindener Mountain or the small planetarium inside of the Bismarck School .
Home games are played at the AWD-Arena , which hosted matches in the 1974 and 2006 World Cups and the Euro 1988 .
Some other important running events are the Gilde Stadtstaffel ( relay ) , the Sport-Check Nachtlauf ( night-running ) , the Herrenhäuser Team-Challenge , the Hannoversche Firmenlauf ( company running ) and the Silvesterlauf ( sylvester running ) .
The project began when Michael Katz , Mattel 's new product category marketing director , told the engineers in the electronics group to design a game the size of a calculator , using LED ( light-emitting diode ) technology . "
Yokoi recognized that the Game Boy needed a killer app — at least one game that would define the console , and persuade customers to buy it .
It was also backwards-compatible , so that it could play not only games specifically made for the Game Boy Color , but standard Game Boy games as well .
The processor is twice as fast as a Game Boy 's and has twice as much memory .
The SP featured a " clamshell " design ( folding open and closed , like a laptop computer ) , as well as a frontlit color display and rechargeable battery .
Halophiles are extremophile organisms that can thrive if the enzyme working in the organism reaches a temperature of over while in environment s with very high concentrations of salt .
The use of the term ' narcotic s ' in the title of the act to describe not just opiates but also cocaine — which is a central nervous system stimulant , not a narcotic — initiated a precedent of frequent legislative and judicial misclassification of various substances as ' narcotics ' .
Bits A bit is a device placed in a horse 's mouth , kept on a horse 's head by means of a headstall .
Tone , vowel length , and the distinction between and ( which does not exist for all speakers ) are not marked in writing .
In contrast to the sparsity of sources in Egyptian mathematics , our knowledge of Babylonian mathematics is derived from more than 400 clay tablets unearthed since the 1850s .
You will find it right . "
It is important to note that Pacioli himself had borrowed much of the work of Piero Della Francesca whom he plagiarized .
Provings have been described as important in the development of the clinical trial , due to their early use of simple control groups , systematic and quantitative procedures , and some of the first application of statistics in medicine .
A review conducted in 2010 of all the pertinent studies of " best evidence " produced by the Cochrane Collaboration concluded that " the most reliable evidence – that produced by Cochrane reviews – fails to demonstrate that homeopathic medicines have effects beyond placebo . "
The most it can have is a placebo effect – it is then a political decision whether they spend money on it or not . "
Johnson was unable to find any evidence that homeopathic preparations contain any active ingredient .
University of Toronto 's chemistry department found that the active ingredient is so small " it is equivalent to 5 billion times less than the amount of aspirin ... in a single pellet " .
Major success came in 1901 with the invention of the spiral hairpin by New Zealand inventor Ernest Godward .
The sexual orientation provision , added in 2002 , was used to convict Pentecostalist pastor Åke Green of hate speech based on a 2003 sermon .
His son , ship 's captain Peder Ibsen became a burgher of Bergen in Norway in 1726 .
In publishing the Hawaiian Bible , they used it to distinguish ko u ( ' my ' ) from kou ( ' your ' ) .
As shown by Schütz , Hawaiian word-stress is predictable in words of one to four syllables , but not in words of five or more syllables .
Hedwig ( ) is a German female given name , which originates from Old High German Hadwig , Haduwig ( hadu meaning " battle " , and wig meaning " fight ) " .
Other forms are : - Hedwig may refer to : In religion Other nobility In literature , stage and screen Other See also
J. R. Young , writing in the mid-1830s , concluded that Holdred 's first method replicated Atkinson 's while his improved method was only added to Holdred 's booklet some months after its first appearance in 1820 , when Horner 's paper was already in circulation .
In 1996 , Orchises Press , a small publishing house in Virginia , started the process to publish " Hapworth " in book form .
Cliff hotels Located on the coast but high above sea level , these hotels offer unobstructed panoramic views and a great sense of privacy without the feeling of total isolation .
Nobody has what Clara had .
Since one in about every 6400 hydrogen atoms is deuterium , a 50 kg human containing 32 kg of body water would normally contain enough deuterium ( about 1.1 gram ) to make 5.5 grams of pure heavy water , so roughly this dose is required to double the amount of deuterium in the body .
In addition , the nuclear power programme was slowed down and effectively stopped due to a perceived oversupply of electricity , later shown to be temporary , in 1993 .
Some is created in heavy water moderated reactor s when deuterium captures a neutron .
If neighboring geodesics start moving toward each other they eventually collide , at which point their extension is inside the black hole .
Government Citizens of Hamilton are represented by three tiers of government .
However , he desired a more solitary life and with the blessing of Abbot Nazarius became a hermit .
There are over 100 variants of the MP5 , including a semi-automatic version .
These weapons were assembled in fixed and retractable stock configurations ( without a separate designation ) and are fed from translucent 30-round polymer box magazines .
They are usually light gray and have a greenish tint to them .
The Hall coefficient is defined as where j is the current density of the carrier electrons , and E_y is the induced electric field .
For example , in nickel , the anomalous Hall coefficient is about 100 times larger than the ordinary Hall coefficient near the Curie temperature , but the two are similar at very low temperatures .
A stationary permanent magnet and semiconductor Hall effect chip are mounted next to each other separated by an air gap , forming the Hall effect sensor .
Both times , in inspecting the tunnels after the spillways were used , engineers found major damage to the concrete linings and underlying rock .
He quietly prevents Huck from seeing the corpse .
Eventually , harpsichords came to be built with just a single case , though an intermediate stage also existed : the false inner – outer , which for purely aesthetic reasons was built to look as if the outer case contained an inner one , in the old style .
Although hair provides protection against harmful UV radiation , since our hominin ancestors were bipedal , only our heads were exposed to the noonday sun .
This hairstyle was once worn among African Americans as a symbol of racial pride .
The Lewis Haggis is different from the Haggis on the mainland : unlike its mainland relative all its legs are of the same length .
While on the Bears , Aaron earned $ 10 per game ( $ today ) .
He was also named The Sporting News NL Player of the Year .
Froemming ignored the rule , allowing Aaron to be the DH for the Braves .
He later learns that if he had asked the appropriate questions about what he saw , he would have healed his maimed host , much to his honour .
Hunter Stockton Thompson ( July 18 , 1937 – February 20 , 2005 ) was an American author and journalist .
Born in Louisville , Kentucky to a middle class family , Thompson went off the rails in his teens after the death of his father left the family in poverty .
The work he remains best known for is Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas : A Savage Journey to the Heart of the American Dream ( 1972 ) , a rumination on the failure of the 1960s counterculture movement .
The novel 's premise was inspired by Thompson 's own experiences in Puerto Rico .
History Founding Hunter College has its origins in the 19th-century movement for normal school training which swept across the United States .
Studies have suggested that the earliest hominins were dimorphic and that this lessened over the course of the evolution of the genus Homo , correlating with humans becoming more monogamous , whereas gorillas , who live in harems , show a large degree of sexual dimorphism .
This is useful because the reeds eventually go out of tune through normal use , and certain notes of the scale can fail more quickly than others .
This provides a unique wavering or warbling sound created by the two reeds being slightly out of tune with each other and the difference in their subsequent waveforms interacting with each other ( its beat ) .
Major companies are now found in Germany ( Seydel , Bushman , Hohner – the dominant manufacturer in the world ) , Japan ( Suzuki , Tombo – the manufacturer of the popular Lee Oskar harmonica , and Yamaha also made harmonicas until the 1970s ) , China ( Huang , Johnson , Leo Shi , Suzuki , Hohner , Swan , AXL ) , and Brazil ( Hering , Bends ) .
The second significance of Wye College breeding of hops was in the seventies by Dr. Ray A. Neve , first with the new varieties Wye Target , Wye Challenger , Wye Northdown , Wye Saxon , Wye Yeoman and secondly by the breeding of the first world dwarf hop varieties , which are far more economic to grow for the Hop farmers , was carried out by Dr. Ray Neve .
Messengers were sent to " Scythia " , where " a number " of warriors were selected , and , with sixteen ships , the messengers returned .
They travelled together to examine the Cornish coast accompanied by Davies Gilbert , and thus made Davy 's acquaintance .
Hecate or Hekate ( ; ancient Greek , Hekátē ; ) is an ancient goddess , most often shown holding two torches or a key and in later periods depicted in triple form .
Subsequently she became Persephone 's companion on her yearly journey to and from the realms of Hades .
Erythropoietin is required for a myeloid progenitor cell to become an erythrocyte .
They are also particularly sensitive to high-pitched noises and can hear and communicate in the ultrasonic range .
During the years of Russian rule the degree of autonomy varied .
The average number of births per woman declined from baby boom a peak of 3.5 in 1947 to 1.5 in 1973 .
The term warm-blooded is a colloquial term to describe animal species which have a relatively higher blood temperature , and maintain thermal homeostasis primarily through internal metabolic processes .
These are characteristics of mammal s and bird s. Both the terms " warm-blooded " and " cold-blooded " have fallen out of favour with scientists because of the vagueness of the terms and an increased understanding of the field .
Hephaestus ( , or ; ; Ancient Greek Hēphaistos ) is the Greek god of blacksmith s , craft smen , artisan s , sculptors , metal s , metallurgy , fire and volcano es .
Hephaestus ' Roman equivalent is Vulcan .
Hungarian may refer to : See also
A howitzer is a type of artillery piece characterized by a relatively short barrel and the use of comparatively small propellant charges to propel projectiles at relatively high trajectories , with a steep angle of descent .
Until fairly recently , about the end of the Second World War , such weapons were characterized by a barrel length 15 to 25 times the caliber of the gun .
Scholars such as Will Durant and Fielding H. Garrison considered Muslim chemists to be the founders of chemistry .
Technological advances were also made , such as the early flight of Eilmer of Malmesbury ( who had studied Mathematics in 11th century England ) , and the metallurgical achievements of the Cistercian blast furnace at Laskill .
The thesis of Copernicus ' book was that the Earth moved around the Sun .
With only a few members left , the remaining land and assets were sold under the leadership of Duss 's wife , Susanna ( Susie ) , and the Society was formally dissolved in 1905 .
In the context of abnormal psychology Samuels ( 1986 ) states that Jung considers Hermes the archetype for narcissistic disorder , but also lending the disorder a " positive " ( beneficious ) aspect , that is Hermes is both the good and bad of narcissism .
In addition they take both long and short positions , allowing them to make profit in both market upswings and downswings .
Limited partnership s are principally used for US hedge funds , which are primarily aimed at US-based , taxable investors .
Carpenter had observed from close examination of everyday experience that under certain circumstances the mere idea of a muscular movement could be sufficient to produce a reflexive , or automatic , contraction or movement of the muscles involved , albeit in a very small degree .
The hypnotist 's object is to use techniques to reduce interference and increase the receptability of specific messages ( suggestions ) .
Electoral history 2000 Primary Election for Mayor of Sacramento 2000 General Election for Mayor of Sacramento 2004 Primary Election for Mayor of Sacramento Because Fargo received a majority of the votes in the primary election , no general election was necessary .
History Prelude Yisroel ( Israel ) ben Eliezer , most commonly known as Baal Shem Tov , claimed in his writings that he invented Hasidic Judaism while taking long walks alone in the forest at night where he received revelations about the Almighty God of Israel .
Each set of Hasidic tales within a certain time period or about a certain Rebbe , is known to reflect what they focused on .
No custom encourages an older man marrying a young woman .
Hoosier Hysteria is the state of excitement surrounding basketball in Indiana , or more specifically the Indiana high school basketball tournament .
In part , the excitement stemmed from the inclusion of all tournament entrants into the same tournament , where a small town 's David might knock off a large city 's Goliath .
After Dunkirk , Alexander returned to the UK and continued to command I Corps , now guarding the coasts of Yorkshire and Lincolnshire .
For instance , the consonant ㅌ t is composed of three strokes , each one meaningful : the top stroke indicates ㅌ is a plosive , like ㆆ ’ , ㄱ g , ㄷ d , ㅈ j , which have the same stroke ( the last is an affricate , a plosive – fricative sequence ) ; the middle stroke indicates that ㅌ is aspirated , like ㅎ h , ㅋ k , ㅊ ch , which also have this stroke ; and the curved bottom stroke indicates that ㅌ is alveolar , like ㄴ n , ㄷ d , and ㄹ l. ( This element is said to represent the shape of the tongue when pronouncing coronal consonants , though this is not certain . )
On 7 September 2012 , Captain Wales as he is known in the military , arrived at Camp Bastion in southern Afghanistan as part of the 100-strong 662 Squadron , 3 Regiment , Army Air Corps , to begin a four-month combat tour as a co-pilot and gunner for an Apache helicopter .
Personal life and relationships Prince Harry enjoys playing many sporting activities , playing competitive polo , as well as skiing and motocross .
Clarence House immediately issued an apology from Harry , who stated that no malice was intended in his remarks .
Hangman is a paper and pencil guessing game for two or more players .
One player thinks of a word , phrase or sentence and the other tries to guess it by suggesting letter s or numbers .
The mean ( h ) of the wi is then taken : h = \ frac \ sum The variance of the mean is \ frac \ sum ^ 2 .
The genus name is derived from the Ancient Greek , kryptos ( hidden ) and branchion ( gill ) .
The subsequent sagas are ( with few exceptions ) devoted to individual rulers , starting with Halfdan the Black , and ending with Magnus Erlingsson .
The town is said to have reached its apex in the early 14th century , dominated by the Hamar cathedral , bishop ’s manor , and fortress , and surrounding urbanization .
Elverum was considered a frontier town with frequent unrest , and there was even talk of encouraging the dissenting Hans Nielsen Hauge to settle in the area .
The vote was 97 % in favour of ending the union and 95 % in favour of the new republican constitution .
The animals of Iceland include the Icelandic sheep , cattle , chicken , goat , the sturdy Icelandic horse , and the Icelandic Sheepdog .
In negotiations with Marc Wall , Economic Minister-Counselor at the US embassy in Tokyo , Jun Yamashita of the Japanese Fisheries Agencies , however , rejected a proposal to suggest to Iceland to reduce the number of killed fin whales to a more reasonable number .
As of 2012 , it ranks 30th in the World Economic Forum 's Global Competitive Index , one place higher than in 2011 .
About 8,000 Poles now live in Iceland , 1,500 of them in Reyðarfjörður where they make up 75 % of the workforce who are constructing the Fjarðarál aluminium plant .
In the context of the 1848 liberal revolutions that swept through Europe , an unsuccessful war was declared on Austria .
After several improvements , it now ranks 84th in the world for ecological sustainability .
The parliament is perfectly bicameral : the two houses , the Chamber of Deputies ( that meets in Palazzo Montecitorio ) and the Senate of the Republic ( that meets in Palazzo Madama ) , have the same powers .
In May 2008 , Bocconi overtook several traditionally top global business schools in the Financial Times Executive education ranking , reaching no. 5 in Europe and no. 15 in the world .
Despite the political and social distinction of these regions , Italy 's contributions to the cultural and historical heritage of Europe and the world remain immense .
However , disaffection with the Company also grew during this time , and set off the Indian Rebellion of 1857 .
In the 20th century , Indian literature was influenced by the works of Bengali poet and novelist Rabindranath Tagore .
Rock & metal music Raga rock Raga rock is rock or pop music with a heavy Indian influence , either in its construction , its timbre , or its use of instrumentation , such as the sitar and tabla .
IRIX had strong support for real-time disk and graphics I/O .
A report by Oxford Economics adds those two together to estimate the total size of the digital economy at $ 20.4 trillion , equivalent to roughly 13.8 % of global sales .
In those settings , they have been found useful for collaboration on grant writing , strategic planning , departmental documentation , and committee work .
The Indo-Iranian languages , also known as the Aryan languages , constitute the easternmost extant branch of the Indo-European language family .
It is also the largest branch , with more than a billion speakers stretching from Europe ( Romani ) and the Caucasus ( Ossetian ) eastward to Xinjiang ( Sarikoli ) and Assam ( Assamese ) and south to Sri Lanka ( Sinhalese ) .
The name of the real-life modem manufacturer named U.S. Robotics was directly inspired by I , Robot .
It pursues a policy of neutrality through non-alignment and consequently is not a member of NATO , although it does participate in Partnership for Peace .
These concerns arose because part of the island of Ireland is in the United Kingdom and so the United Kingdom regarded the name as inappropriate .
Performance dance is traditionally referred to as stepdance .
Architecture Ireland has a wealth of structures , surviving in various states of preservation , from the Neolithic period , such as Brú na Bóinne , Poulnabrone dolmen , Castlestrange stone , Turoe stone , and Drombeg stone circle .
William Joyce became an English-language propagandist for the Third Reich , known colloquially as Lord Haw-Haw .
The Irish have made a very significant contribution to education in Australia .
Leamer emphasized that Leontief did not interpret H-O theory properly and claimed that with a right interpretation , the paradox did not occur .
This new theory is called Ricardo-Sraffa trade theory .
Calculating the interpolating polynomial is computationally expensive ( see computational complexity ) compared to linear interpolation .
Japanese occupation during World War II ended Dutch rule , and encouraged the previously suppressed Indonesian independence movement .
Spices ( notably chili ) , coconut milk , fish and chicken are fundamental ingredients .
Spain established a major trading operation in the Philippines and the Pacific .
Continents sit on continental lithosphere which is part of tectonic plate s floating high on Earth 's molten mantle .
He is associated with wai ( fresh water ) as well as clouds , rain , streams and springs .
Although the term " concern troll " originated in discussions of online behavior , it now sees increasing use to describe similar behaviors that take place offline .
Other important crops grown in the region include maize , sugarcane and cotton .
Maruti , Hyundai and Tata Motors are the most popular brands in the order of their market share .
It had the highest market share until 2004 , when it was overtaken by other low cost models from Maruti such as the Alto and the Wagon R , the Indica from Tata Motors and the Santro from Hyundai .
In 1992 , India established formal diplomatic relations with Israel .
India is also involved in minor territorial dispute s with neighboring Bangladesh , Nepal and Maldives .
Because the disputed area lies near the Sino-Indian frontier , it gains strategic value .
Rama is a heroic figure in all of these religions .
Shoshone Falls plunges down rugged cliffs from a height greater than that of Niagara Falls .
Two are sporting and one is defense contract .
He convinced customers that this would ensure consistent delivery .
Vinod Dham & team including Rajeev Chandrasekhar ( Member of Parliament , India ) were part of the architecture teams that invented the 486 chip & later , Intel 's signature Pentium chip .
Linspire - Linux creator Michael Robertson outlined the difficult position that Intel was in releasing to open source , as Intel did not want to upset their large customer Microsoft .
Age discrimination Intel has faced complaints of age discrimination in firing and layoffs .
In June 2008 , the EU filed new charges against Intel .
Soluble inorganic compounds are prepared using methods of organic synthesis .
In his Hypothesis of Light of 1675 , Newton the existence of the ether to transmit forces between particles .
Many of Kant 's most important disciples ( including Reinhold , Beck and Fichte ) transformed the Kantian position into increasingly radical forms of idealism .
Kant had exposure to Islam as well and reflected about the role of reason therein .
Kant believed that mathematical truths were forms of synthetic a priori knowledge , which means they are necessary and universal , yet known through intuition .
In October 1999 , the Indonesian parliament ( MPR ) revoked the decree that annexed East Timor , and the United Nations Transitional Administration in East Timor ( UNTAET ) assumed responsibility for governing East Timor until it officially became an independent state in May 2002 .
Growth was driven primarily by domestic consumption , which accounts for roughly three-fourths of Indonesia 's gross domestic product .
However , an important difference is that the 1970s oil revenue windfall was just that : a lucky and unforeseen financial boon .
However , this does not mean that respondents have ignored recent developments .
Commanders of the various territorial commands played influential roles in the affairs of their respective regions .
Saudi Arabia South Korea Turkey Palestine Israel The two countries maintain no formal diplomatic ties .
Following the Six Day War of 1967 , the Ba'ath Party felt strong enough to retake power in 1968 .
The geography of Iraq is diverse and falls into four main regions : the desert ( west of the Euphrates ) , Upper Mesopotamia ( between the upper Tigris and Euphrates rivers ) , the northern highlands of Iraqi Kurdistan , and Lower Mesopotamia , the alluvial plain extending from around Tikrit to the Persian Gulf .
The mountains in the northeast are an extension of the alpine system that runs eastward from the Balkans through southern Turkey , northern Iraq , Iran , and Afghanistan , eventually reaching the Himalayas .
Intermittent lake s , fed by the rivers in flood , also characterize southeastern Iraq .
It was expected that these provinces would thus return mostly Sunni Arab representatives , after most Sunnis boycotted the last election .
Iraq ’s refusal to implement United Nations Security Council resolution s and continued threats toward Kuwait have resulted in relations remaining cool .
Saudi Arabia Saudi leaders were relieved when Iraq was defeated , but they recognized that relations with Baghdad had been damaged .
On 20 May 2006 , he was delegated in for the fourth consecutive time as Foreign Minister in the government of Nouri Al-Maliki .
A retiring President may nominate themselves as a candidate for re-election .
The foreign relations of Ireland are substantially influenced by its membership of the European Union , although bilateral relations with the United States and United Kingdom are also important to the country .
It is one of the group of smaller nations in the EU , and has traditionally followed a non-aligned foreign policy .
A very small number of these immigrants also belong to various non-Slavic ethnic groups from the Former Soviet Union such as Moldovans , Tatars , Germans and Siberian Yupiks ( Siberian Eskimos ) among others .
Moreover , while Israel 's total gross external debt is US$ 95 billion , or approximately 41.6 % of GDP , since 2001 it has become a net lender nation in terms of net external debt ( the total value of assets vs. liabilities in debt instruments owed abroad ) , which stood at a significant surplus of US$ 60 billion .
Israel also remains of the largest centers in the world for technology start-up enterprises .
, Israel 's economic freedom score is 67.8 , making its economy the 48th freest in the 2012 Index of Economic Freedom .
JPG | Etna , the highest active volcano in Europe .
History of the post-war political landscape First Republic : 1946-1994 There have been frequent government turnovers since 1945 , indeed there have been 61 governments in this time .
From the last Eurostat data , Italian per capita GDP at purchasing power parity remains approximately equal to the EU average , while the unemployment rate ( 8.5 % ) stands as one of the EU 's lowest .
Italy has 2507 people and 12.46 km2 ( World 's seventh ) per km of rail track .
Rapper Kanye West defended Way by arguing that the younger artist created a new , original work for hip hop , thus keeping the authentic meaning of the music .
In China , the use of iron reaches far back , to perhaps 4000 years before the Common era .
Many of these landlords lived in England and were called " absentee landlords " .
It is little wonder that the policy looked to many people like genocide . "
It is responsible for crawling IRC servers to index the information being sent across them .
Most search engines have their own spider that is a single application responsible for crawling IRC and indexing data itself ; however , others are " user based " indexers .
The Irish Republican Army ( IRA ) ( ) was an Irish republican revolutionary military organisation .
It was descended from the Irish Volunteers , an organisation established on 25 November 1913 that staged the Easter Rising in April 1916 .
Iron is a chemical element with the symbol Fe ( from ) and atomic number 26 .
It is a metal in the first transition series .
Before the chromium decays , it can fuse with another helium nucleus , creating unstable iron .
IEEE 802.15.3b-2005 amendment was released on May 5 , 2006 .
The first two bytes of the MAC header form a frame control field specifying the form and function of the frame .
When an Internet Standard is updated , its number stays the same and it simply refers to a different RFC or set of RFCs .
South American Silver Corporation 's Malku Khota property in Bolivia is a large resource of indium with an indicated resource of 1,481 tonnes and inferred resource of 935 tonnes .
However , public opening hours tend to be much longer than most other retailers , with stores open well into the evening in many countries .
The catalogue itself is printed on chlorine-free paper of 10 – 15 % post-consumer waste , and prints approximately 175 million copies worldwide annually , more than 3 times as much as the Bible .
The French chemists Victor Collet-Descotils , Antoine François , comte de Fourcroy , and Louis Nicolas Vauquelin also observed the black residue in 1803 , but did not obtain enough for further experiments .
Tellurium is about as abundant as iridium , and only three naturally occurring stable elements are less abundant : rhenium , ruthenium , and rhodium , iridium being 10 times more abundant than the last two .
However , the similarity between ⟨ ⟩ and ⟨ ⟩ is a historical accident , ⟨ ⟩ and ⟨ ⟩ are derived from ligature s of gn and ng , and ⟨ ⟩ is an ad hoc imitation of ⟨ ⟩ .
The island has been visited by various raid ers and trading peoples over the years .
He conciliated the people by his affability , brought in Englishmen to teach various handicrafts and tried to help the farmers by improving the breed of Manx horses , and , at the same time , he restricted the exactions of the Church .
Moreover , since smuggling , which the Isle of Man Purchase Act had only checked – not suppressed – had by that time almost disappeared , and since the Manx revenue had started to produce a large and increasing surplus , the authorities looked more favourably on the Isle of Man , and , thanks to this fact and to the representations of the Manx people to British ministers in 1837 , 1844 and 1853 , it obtained a somewhat less stringent customs tariff and an occasional towards erecting its much neglected public works .
On 4 June 2010 Manx Telecom was sold by Telefónica to UK private equity investor HgCapital ( who were buying the majority stake ) , alongside telecoms management company CPS PartnersIn December 2007 , the Manx Electricity Authority and its telecoms subsidiary , e-llan Communications , commissioned the lighting of a new undersea fibre-optic link .
There are six separate rail systems on the island : Beginning at Peel , on the west coast of the island , one can make a ' circular tour ' of the Isle of Man railways - with a little bit of help from the buses .
RateInformation rate is the average entropy per symbol .
Iota ( uppercase Ι , lowercase ι ; ) is the ninth letter of the Greek alphabet .
Letters that arose from this letter include the Roman I and J and the Cyrillic І ( І , і ) , Yi ( Ї , ї ) , Je ( Ј , ј ) , and iotified letters ( e.g. Yu ( Ю , ю ) ) .
As a commercial product , interactive fiction reached its peak in popularity from 1979 – 1986 , as a dominant software product marketed for home computer s. Due to their text-only nature it sidestepped the problem of writing for the widely divergent graphics architectures , this meant interactive fiction games were easily ported across all the popular platforms , even those such as CP/M not known for gaming or strong graphics capabilities .
The software house producing those games was Brainstorm Enterprise , and the most prolific IF author was Bonaventura Di Bello , who produced 70 games in the Italian language .
Teams typically employ alternate sets of forward lines and defensive pairings when shorthanded or on a power play .
Often the term checking is used to refer to body checking , with its true definition generally only propagated among fans of the game .
The record for a Stanley Cup playoff game is 28,183 , set on April 23 , 1996 , at the Thunderdome during a Tampa Bay Lightning – Philadelphia Flyers game .
Luke 's portrait of Mary It is in a context attributed to the 5th century that the first mention of an image of Mary painted from life appears , though earlier paintings on cave walls bear resemblance to modern icons of Mary .
Thus the Encyclopaedia of Islam concludes that the " The Arabic system of [ Nasīʾ ] can only have been intended to move the Hajj and the fairs associated with it in the vicinity of Mecca to a suitable season of the year .
In early theories of logical atomism , the formal relationship between facts and true propositions was theorized by Bertrand Russell and Ludwig Wittgenstein to be isomorphic .
As D. W. Greig notes , " international law can not exist in isolation from the political factors operating in the sphere of international relations " .
A number of states place emphasis on the principle of territorial sovereignty , thus seeing states as having free rein over their internal affairs .
It was written specifically as a counter proposal to RFC 1176 , which itself proposed modifications to IMAP2 .
Adding user-created tags to messages is an operation supported by some web-based e-mail services , such as Gmail .
( The Andromeda galaxy is on collision course with the Milky Way at a speed of 117 km/s . )
( However , this refers to the theory ’s application rather than to its derivation . )
One argument against the stance of delaying a start until reaching fast propulsion system velocity is that the various other non-technical problems that are specific to long-distance travel at considerably higher speed ( such as interstellar particle impact , possible dramatic shortening of average human life span during extended space residence , etc. ) may remain obstacles that take much longer time to resolve than the propulsion issue alone , assuming that they can even be solved eventually at all .
Based on the concept 's 2.2 % burnup fraction it could achieve a pure fusion product exhaust velocity of ~ 3,000 km/s .
Although there are solutions to the Einstein equation of general relativity which allow for wormholes , all of the currently known solutions involve some assumption , for example the existence of negative mass , which may be unphysical .
See four-velocity and external links .
He emphatically expressed the antiquity of the linguistic stages accessible to comparative method in the drafts for his Russian Grammar ( published 1755 ) .
Illinois ( ) is a state in the Midwestern United States .
It is the 5th most populous and 25th most extensive state , and is often noted as a microcosm of the entire country .
As defined by the federal government , the Chicago metro area includes several counties in Illinois , Indiana , and Wisconsin , and has a population of over 9.8 million people .
Springfield , the state 's capital , comes in as sixth most populous with 117,352 residents .
The property tax in Illinois is imposed only on real property .
CoalThe coal industry of Illinois has its origins in the middle 19th century , when entrepreneurs such as Jacob Loose discovered coal in locations such as Sangamon County .
DaleysThe Daley family 's powerbase was in Chicago .
Life and career Ian Ashley Murdock was born in Konstanz , West Germany on April 28 , 1973 .
Theatre Banks was involved in the theatre production The Curse Of Iain Banks that was written by Maxton Walker and was performed at the Edinburgh Fringe festival in 1999 .
S-100 is aligned with the ISO 19100 series of geographic standards , thereby making it fully compatible with contemporary geospatial data standards .
Today 's systems Processor units The different processors on current IBM mainframes are : Note that the ICF and ZAAP are essentially identical to CP , but distinguished for software cost control : they are slightly restricted such they can not be used to run arbitrary operating systems , and thus do not count in software licensing costs ( which are typically based on the number of CPs ) .
Official names given the university ’s divisions were the College of Agriculture , College of Engineering , College of Home Economics , College of Sciences and Humanities , and College of Veterinary Medicine .
Programs , receptions , dedications , university classes , Wednesday Walks , and educational tours are presented on a regular basis to enhance visual literacy and aesthetic appreciation of this diverse collection .
ISU also operates two apartment complexes for upperclassmen , Frederiksen Court and SUV Apartments .
Judges are elected to the Court by the Assembly of States Parties .
Proto-history By the Iron Age , starting in the 7th century BC , the Iberian Peninsula consisted of complex agrarian and urban civilizations , either Pre-Celtic or Celtic ( such as the Lusitanians , the Celtiberians , the Gallaeci , the Astur , or the Celtici , amongst others ) , the cultures of the Iberians in the eastern and southern zones and the cultures of the Aquitanian in the western portion of the Pyrenees .
Meanwhile , Iraqi air attacks on Iran were repulsed by Iran 's F-14 Tomcat interceptor fighter jets , using Phoenix missile s , which downed a dozen of Iraq 's Soviet-built fighters in the first two days of battle .
In the ensuing Battle of Dezful , the Iranian division was nearly wiped out in one of the biggest tank battles of the war .
They operated with virtual impunity , as Iraqi pilots had little training in hitting naval targets .
Chemical weapons were used , and the Iraqis also flooded Iranian trenches with specially-constructed pipes delivering water from the Tigris River .
Artillery and medium-range missiles created frequent and heavy bombardments , and Iraqi forces had to evacuate much of the civilian population into the northern Iraq .
Although they still give an overall score , they now also give scores for many of these more restricted abilities , identifying particular strengths and weaknesses of an individual .
He administered tests of intelligence quotient and emotional intelligence to the trained and non-trained groups and found that the trained participants had an advantage in IQ over the untrained subjects even with gender , age , environmental issues ( e.g. income , parent 's education ) held constant .
Since then IIT Kanpur has increased collaboration with industry and has achieved a reasonable level of stability .
The campus can be reached from Lucknow airport in two hours .
The first phase release is rapidly triggered in response to increased blood glucose levels .
A number of Goler children were victims of sexual abuse at the hands of fathers , mothers , uncles , aunts , sisters , brothers , cousins , and each other .
Marriages forbidden in the Torah were regarded by the rabbis of the Middle Ages as invalid – as if they had never occurred ; any children born to such a couple were regarded as Jewish bastards , and the relatives of the spouse were not regarded as forbidden relations for a further marriage .
Bolton and Watt opened the Soho Foundry , for the manufacture of such engines , in 1795 .
Adding water separated the soluble sodium carbonate from the calcium sulphide .
Canals began to be built in the late 18th century to link the major manufacturing centres across the country .
However , the raw materials ( cotton ) came from the Southern United States .
Dissenters found themselves barred or discouraged from almost all public offices , as well as education at England 's only two universities at the time ( although dissenters were still free to study at Scotland 's four universities ) .
Advisory Opinions were intended as a means by which UN agencies could seek the Court 's help in deciding complex legal issues that might fall under their respective mandates .
Whilst certain instruments or regulations can provide in advance that the advisory opinion shall be specifically binding on particular agencies or states , they are inherently non-binding under the Statute of the Court .
It has its headquarters in Geneva , Switzerland .
Individualist anarchism refers to several traditions of thought within the anarchist movement that emphasize the individual and his or her will over external determinants such as groups , society , traditions , and ideological systems .
Individualist anarchism is not a single philosophy but refers to a group of individualistic philosophies that sometimes are in conflict .
The view that relationships with other persons or things can be in one 's own interest only and can be as transitory and without compromises as desired since in individualist anarchism sacrifice is usually rejected .
And , " What I have in my power , that is my own .
δ Though this term is non-standard usage – by " left " , agorists mean " left " in the general sense used by left-libertarians , as defined by Roderick T. Long , as " ... an integration , or I 'd argue , a reintegration of libertarianism with concerns that are traditionally thought of as being concerns of the left .
The Western view of the deployment of these systems was governed by the strategic theory of Mutual Assured Destruction .
If ice forms on the wings or control surfaces , this may adversely affect the flying qualities of the aircraft .
Macrophages also act as scavengers , ridding the body of worn-out cells and other debris , and as antigen-presenting cell s that activate the adaptive immune system .
Alternative adaptive immune systemAlthough the classical molecules of the adaptive immune system ( e.g. , antibodies and T cell receptor s ) exist only in jawed vertebrates , a distinct lymphocyte - derived molecule has been discovered in primitive jawless vertebrates , such as the lamprey and hagfish .
The matrix \ scriptstyle A + \ sqrt I induces thus a Euclidean structure on the quotient space \ mathbb R ^ 6 / \ ker ( A + \ sqrt I ) which is isomorphic to \ mathbb R ^ 3 since the kernel \ ker ( A + \ sqrt I ) of \ scriptstyle has dimension 3 .
Finally , non-convex polytopes do not carry the same strict requirements as convex polytopes , and icosahedra are indeed the cells of the icosahedral 120-cell , one of the ten non-convex regular polychora .
It can be decomposed into a gyroelongated pentagonal pyramid and a pentagonal pyramid or into a pentagonal antiprism and two equal pentagonal pyramids .
The most obvious evidence of mining to the casual visitor to Dartmoor are the remains of the old engine-house at Wheal Betsy which is alongside the A386 road between Tavistock and Okehampton .
The ruins of a number of ancillary buildings also survive .
Canceling an order is idempotent , because the order remains canceled no matter how many requests are made .
According to the book Dictionary of Word and Phrase Origins ( 1988 ) , author William Morris writes that Stanley Woodward actually took the term from fellow New York Tribune sportswriter Caswell Adams .
The principles established reiterated those put forward in the Harvard-Yale-Princeton Presidents ' Agreement of 1916 .
In men 's lacrosse , Cornell and Princeton are perennial rivals , and they are the only two Ivy League teams to have won the NCAA tournament .
In May 1991 , local student Patrice Jennings interviewed Glover about the Ithaca LETS enterprise .
Last year I wrote an article which discusses moving us toward the provision of food , fuel , clothing , housing , transportation , [ and other ] necessities in ways which are healing of nature , or which are less depleting at least and which bring people together on the basis of their shared pride , not arrogance . "
Two-thirds of all Board members must be present to call a vote .
The Department of Nuclear Sciences and Applications focuses on the use of non-power nuclear and isotope techniques to help IAEA Member States in the areas of water , energy , health , biodiversity , and agriculture .
The International Maritime Organization ( IMO ) , known as the Inter-Governmental Maritime Consultative Organization ( IMCO ) until 1982 , was established in Geneva in 1948 , and came into force ten years later , meeting for the first time in 1959 .
Observer status is granted to qualified non-governmental organizations .
However , the way in which the programme was instituted disappointed the high expectations of trade unions .
— David Crystal ( 1988 : p. 265 ) This is the situation long faced by many users of English who possess a " non-standard " dialect of English as their birth tongue but have also learned to write ( and perhaps also speak ) a more standard dialect .
During the 2006 Israel-Lebanon conflict , the Iranian government enjoyed something of a resurgence in popularity amongst the predominantly Sunni " Arab street , " due to its support for Hezbollah and to President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad 's vehement opposition to the United States and his call that Israel shall vanish .
In astronomy , imaging at infrared wavelengths allows observation of objects obscured by interstellar dust .
ISO 2014 was the standard that originally introduced the all-numeric date notation in most-to-least-significant order .
It is worthwhile to note that a computer does not necessarily mean a home desktop .
Logical and physical controls are manifestations of administrative controls .
Next , develop a classification policy .
Medical studies are conducted aboard the ISS on behalf of the National Space Biomedical Research Institute ( NSBRI ) .
The USOS has its own computer controlled gyroscopes to handle the extra mass of that section .
Crewed spacecraft are in light green .
On the other hand , an external reason is something that one has independent of one 's subjective motivational set .
In short , the reasoning behind reasons internalism , according to Williams , is that reasons for action must be able to explain one 's action ; and only internal reasons can do this .
During this period , Japan developed thriving cities and castle towns and increasing commodification of agriculture and domestic trade , wage labor , increasing literacy and concomitant print culture , laying the groundwork for modernization , even as the shogunate itself grew weak .
Problems of the Old World were not relevant to the New World in the eyes of many citizens .
The two clubs ' 1999 meetings were dramatic affairs between Hall Of Fame-bound Dan Marino and up-and-coming star Peyton Manning .
It was engendered by popular fears that the country was being overwhelmed by Irish Catholic immigrants .
It has been suggested that the US should adopt policies similar to those in Canada and Australia and select for desired qualities such as education and work experience .
Early life and education Bonewits was born on October 1 , 1949 in Royal Oak , Michigan , as the fourth of five children .
Changing the state of pin # 33 changes the function of certain other pins , most of which have to do with how the CPU handles the ( local ) bus .
The 80386 featured three operating modes : real mode , protected mode and virtual mode .
Despite the language 's intentionally obtuse and wordy syntax , INTERCAL is nevertheless Turing-complete : given enough memory , INTERCAL can solve any problem that a Universal Turing machine can solve .
During a test , rowers will row a set distance and try to clock the fastest time possible .
However , the land company that was to purchase the land for the territories reneged on their deal , and subsequent treaties in 1842 and 1857 gave back most of the Iroquois ' reservations untouched .
Resignations in 2010 In 2010 , Déirdre de Búrca , one of two Green Party Senators nominated by Taoiseach Bertie Ahern in 2007 , resigned from the party and her seat , in part due to Gormley 's inability to secure her a job in the European Commission .
One of these is the production of representational art ; this is quite in harmony with the history of the spread of the gospel , as it provides confirmation that the becoming man of the Word of God was real and not just imaginary , and as it brings us a similar benefit .
The second volume excerpts from medieval histories and chronicles and from inscriptions concerning the destruction of Hindu , Jain , and Buddhist temple s. The authors claim that the material presented in this book are only the tip of an iceberg .
Educated speakers of English also enjoy this easy comprehension .
However , the outbreak of World War II in 1939 cut short the intended biannual meetings of the committee .
As noted above , Interlingua is the most widely spoken naturalistic auxiliary language .
Ventnor Brewery , which closed in 2009 , was the last incarnation of Burt 's Brewery , which had been brewing on the island since the 1840s in Ventnor .
The Island formerly had its own railway network of over 55 miles , but only one line remains in regular use .
We note that an inverse system in a category C admits an alternative description in terms of functor s. Any partially ordered set I can be considered as a small category where the morphisms consist of arrows i → j if and only if i ≤ j. An inverse system is then just a contravariant functor I → C. And the inverse limit functor \ varprojlim : C ^ \ rightarrow C is a covariant functor .
But science fiction writers have a fairly good track record in predicting future technologies — for example geosynchronous communications satellites ( Arthur C. Clarke ) and many aspects of computer technology ( Mack Reynolds ) .
Even unprocessed rock may be useful as rocket propellant if mass drivers are employed .
A vibrating crystal creates the ultrasonic waves that are radiated into the medium .
Nevertheless , they achieved some European success with 3 UEFA Cup victories in 1991 , 1994 and 1998 .
In Jerusalem , there are urban neighborhoods where Jews and Arabs live together : the Muslim Quarter , Silwan , Abu Tor , Sheikh Jarrah and Shimon HaTzadik .
Palestinian violence against settlers Settlers are targeted by Palestinian armed groups who , according to Human Rights Watch , say that settlers are a legitimate target because they have forfeited their civilian status by residing in settlements that are illegal under international humanitarian law .
According to a Haaretz study , settlers account for 10 % of the population in the West Bank but produce 25 % of the sewage output .
The ISO 13490 standard is an extension to the ISO 9660 format that adds support for multiple sessions on a disc .
Cessation of membership The membership of IOC members ceases in the following circumstances : International federations recognised by IOC There are currently 68 sport federations recognised by IOC .
In his defense , ACOG Chairman Billy Payne said " Atlanta 's bidding effort included excessive actions , even thought processes , that today seem inappropriate but , at the time , reflected the prevailing practices in the selection process and an extremely competitive environment " .
A diplomatic conference was held at Washington , D.C. , in 1989 , which adopted a Treaty on Intellectual Property in Respect of Integrated Circuits ( IPIC Treaty ) .
They began dating and they married in the spring of 1942 .
The city of Dallas received the building well , and a local television news crew found unanimous approval of the new city hall when it officially opened to the public in 1978 .
It represents a fourth generation of binary compatible CPUs since the original 8086 of 1978 .
Availability Owing to the rapid decline in the populations of the animals that produce it , the importation and sale of ivory in many countries is banned or severely restricted .
They are typically armed with a calibre 20 to 40 mm autocannon , a coaxial 7.62 mm machine gun and sometimes anti-tank guided missiles ( ATGMs ) .
American military simulation s in the 1980s concluded a three to five-fold increase in artillery defence effectiveness when IFVs were deployed .
Their independent exhibitions brought them to prominence during the 1870s and 1880s , in spite of harsh opposition from the conventional art community in France .
Using and spreading Internet slang also adds on to the cultural currency of a language .
They had had at least four decades to adjust their tactics to this new threat .
Annuities provide a stream of payments and are generally classified as insurance because they are issued by insurance companies , are regulated as insurance , and require the same kinds of actuarial and investment management expertise that life insurance requires .
In the European Union , the Third Non-Life Directive and the Third Life Directive , both passed in 1992 and effective 1994 , created a single insurance market in Europe and allowed insurance companies to offer insurance anywhere in the EU ( subject to permission from authority in the head office ) and allowed insurance consumers to purchase insurance from any insurer in the EU .
Pedrell was a leading figure in the development of nationalist Spanish music .
Many left Ireland during and after the Civil War .
This has resulted in a number of web pages that appear broken in standards-compliant web browsers and has introduced the need for a " quirks mode " to allow for rendering improper elements meant for Internet Explorer in these other browsers .
BHOs are used to extend the feature set of the browser , whereas the other extensibility options are used to expose the feature in the UI .
In any event , in the 1968 edition of Invertebrate Zoology , it is noted that " division of the Animal Kingdom into vertebrates and invertebrates is artificial and reflects human bias in favor of man 's own relatives . "
The animals were feared by the local boatmen and hunted with lances to which strong cords were attached .
Once the concept of broadband Internet access came to be associated with data rates incoming to the customer at 256 kbit/s or more , and alternatives like ADSL grew in popularity , the consumer market for BRI did not develop .
In embryos destined to become males , one haploid set of chromosomes becomes heterochromatin ised after the sixth cleavage division and remains so in most tissues ; males are thus functionally haploid .
Instrument flight rules ( IFR ) is one of two sets of regulations governing all aspects of civil aviation aircraft operations ; the other is visual flight rules ( VFR ) .
FAA 's Instrument Flying Handbook defines IFR as : " Rules and regulations established by the FAA to govern flight under conditions in which flight by outside visual reference is not safe .
The IMF does not require collateral from countries for loans but rather requires the government seeking assistance to correct its macroeconomic imbalances in the form of policy reform .
Developing countries Quotas are normally reviewed every five years and can be increased when deemed necessary by the Board of Governors .
Gare Loch is a small loch which hosts the Faslane Naval Base , the home of the UK 's Trident nuclear submarines .
Moreover the unmarked form of the verb is not regarded as an infinitive when it is used as a finite verb : as a present indicative ( " I sit every day " ) , subjunctive ( " I suggest that he sit " ) , or imperative ( " Sit down ! " ) .
For instance , even though you sing/have sung/are going to sing could be translated to apesar de cantares/teres cantado/ires cantar .
The IntelDX4 is a clock-tripled i486 microprocessor with 16 kB L1 cache .
In addition to the main competition , the entries take part in the Miss Congeniality contest , where the participating authors vote for three games ( not including their own ) .
In 2004 in England and Wales , there were 514,000 deaths of which 225,500 were referred to the coroner .
In 1992 , the US Department of Defense along with the National Institute of Standards and Technology ( NIST ) , cosponsored the Text Retrieval Conference ( TREC ) as part of the TIPSTER text program .
Timeline Overview An information retrieval process begins when a user enters a query into the system .
An object is an entity that is represented by information in a database .
The Internet Engineering Task Force ( IETF ) develops and promotes Internet standard s , cooperating closely with the W3C and ISO / IEC standards bodies and dealing in particular with standards of the Internet protocol suite ( TCP/IP ) .
These meetings have grown in both participation and scope a great deal since the early 1990s ; it had a maximum attendance of 2,810 at the December 2000 IETF held in San Diego , CA .
Working out the properties of the series that converge even if infinitely many terms are non-zero is the essence of the study of series .
Specifically , in this case , Σxn converges to x if the sequence of partial sums converges to x. Summations over arbitrary index sets Definitions may be given for sums over an arbitrary index set I. There are two main differences with the usual notion of series : first , there is no specific order given on the set I ; second , this set I may be uncountable .
Deferring servicing a low-priority device is not an option , because this would prevent detection of service requests from higher-priority devices .
Performance issues Interrupts provide low overhead and good latency at low load , but degrade significantly at high interrupt rate unless care is taken to prevent several pathologies .
See also References
Intelligent designer Intelligent design arguments are formulated in secular terms and intentionally avoid identifying the intelligent agent ( or agents ) they posit .
But the conceptual soundness of the theory can in the end only be located in Christ . "
She lists connections of ( current and former ) Discovery Institute Fellows Phillip Johnson , Charles Thaxton , Michael Behe , Richard Weikart , Jonathan Wells and Francis Beckwith to leading Christian Reconstructionist organizations , and the extent of the funding provided the Institute by Howard Ahmanson Jr. , a leading figure in the Reconstructionist movement .
It states that " Intelligent design lies wholly outside of science " , has no underpinning scientific principles , or explanations , and is not accepted by the science community as a whole .
Absence or mutation of one or more of the contributing types of channel subunits can result in loss of function and , potentially , underlie neurologic diseases .
Sir Ian Murray McKellen , CH , CBE ( born 25 May 1939 ) is an English actor .
The recipient of multiple Laurence Olivier Award s , a Tony Award , a Golden Globe Award , two Academy Award nominations , and five Emmy Award nominations , McKellen 's work spans genres ranging from Shakespearean and modern theatre to popular fantasy and science fiction .
package , though all are now out of print at retail .
Some automatic tunneling techniques are below .
After the reign of Edward IV , impeachment fell into disuse , the bill of attainder becoming the preferred form of dealing with undesirable subjects of the Crown .
The trial is qualified as having 5 parts .
The Mysterious Man emerges and taunts the Baker , stealing the money .
In the eyes of Torah there is , strictly speaking , no such thing as the purely private domain , for even in solitude - be it the privacy of the bath or the unconsciousness of sleep - one has the capacity and the duty to serve God . "
Calculations in statistical mechanics rely on probabilistic arguments , which are sensitive to whether or not the objects being studied are identical .
Second-line treatments - Physical therapy , oral medications ( amitryptiline , cimetidine or hydroxyzine , pentosan polysulfate ) , bladder instillations ( DMSO , heparin or lidocaine ) 3 .
ICI formed ICI Pharmaceuticals in 1957 .
It further stated that a person under the death penalty is entitled to a competency evaluation and to an evidentiary hearing in court on the question of his competency to be executed .
Jameson 's remarks about ancient glaciers in Scotland were most probably prompted by Esmark .
The glacials and interglacials also coincided with changes in the Earth ’s orbit called Milankovitch cycles .
The battle in the University went on until three quarters of the University City was under Nationalist control .
Use as emergency contraception It was first discovered in 1976 that the copper IUD could be used as a form of emergency contraception ( EC ) .
If this occurs and the IUD strings are visible , the IUD should be removed immediately by a clinician .
Bank loans to foreign countries are also included in this category , as are license fees paid for the use of patents and trademarks .
Arabian mythology is the ancient , pre-Islamic beliefs of the Arab people .
Prior to Islam the Kaaba of Mecca was covered in symbols representing the myriad demon s , djinn , demigod s , or simply tribal gods and other assorted deities which represented the polytheistic culture of pre-Islamic Arabia .
International standards are standards developed by international standards organization s. International standards are available for consideration and use worldwide .
One prominent organization is the International Organization for Standardization .
Most of them were " ordinary " people , who held regular jobs , and only a few dozen worked full-time in the Irgun .
Prophetic Exegesis The first four books of Against Heresies constitute a minute analysis and refutation of the Gnostic doctrines .
This ruling forced individual states to change their statutes .
( * Indicates a prefix that has recently been returned to the ITU . )
Kuznetsov was later reinstated .
By the 1590s , a number of Dutch companies were formed to finance trading expeditions in Asia .
Although the Mughals kept the imperial title until 1858 , the central government had collapsed , creating a power vacuum .
Ithaca , forever I 'll recall a smile , Clasp a hand in friendship , walk a snowy mile , And here 's to Ithaca , my Ithaca - Alma Mater true , Although I leave Cayuga 's shore , I 'll remember you .
The first is transformational leadership , which posits that there are certain leadership traits that inspire subordinates to perform beyond their capabilities .
This led to the establishment of the Advocates for the Establishment of an International Organization of Unitarians ( AEIOU ) , which worked towards creating the council .
So the interrupt latency for a blocked interrupt is extended to the end of the critical section , plus any interrupts with equal and higher priority that arrived while the block was in place .
Infant abandonment still occurs in modern societies .
After a woman had a baby , she would show it to her husband .
It is thought that infanticide today continues at a much higher rate in areas of extremely high poverty and overpopulation , such as parts of China and India .
Under the terms of the proposed legislation , if jurors concluded that a mother 's " judgment was impaired as a result of the effects of giving birth or the effects of lactation following the birth , " they would be allowed to convict her of the crime of infanticide , rather than murder .
Senate Reports on Pre-war Intelligence on Iraq On September 8 , 2006 , the United States Senate Select Committee on Intelligence released " Phase II " of its report on prewar intelligence on Iraq .
Also in 1867 , Jean-Henri Dunant was forced to declare bankruptcy due to business failures in Algeria , partly because he had neglected his business interests during his tireless activities for the International Committee .
The ICRC has special privileges and legal immunities in many countries , based on national law in these countries or through agreements between the Committee and respective national governments .
The Edward Jablonski and Lawrence D. Stewart Gershwin Collection at the Harry Ransom Humanities Research Center at the University of Texas at Austin holds a number of Ira 's manuscripts and other material .
Serie A clubs Prior to 1929 , many clubs competed in the top level of Italian football as the earlier rounds were competed up to 1922 on a regional basis then interregional up to 1929 .
In the action movie Shooter , an ex-serviceman on the run from the law ( Mark Wahlberg ) inhales nitrous oxide gas from a number of Whip-It !
Nate Grey was to be Apocalypse 's new host , a powerhouse to store his massive lifeforce .
The Mongols , led by Hulagu Khan , grandson of Genghis Khan , attacked Baghdad in 1258 CE and brought the Abbasid caliphate to an end .
Games developed by Id Games by external developers Other media Id Software has also been associated with novels since the publication of the original Doom novels .
The theorem demonstrates a connection between integration and differentiation .
Because these forms do not show inflammation , they are classified as myopathies and not myositis types .
Ion implantation is a materials engineering process by which ion s of a material are accelerated in an electrical field and impacted into a solid .
This process is used to change the physical , chemical , or electrical properties of the solid .
Suicide is the leading cause of death for people under 30 .
The highest point in the Japanese Alps is Mount Kita at 3,193 meters .
Amounts range from about six hours per day in the Inland Sea coast and sheltered parts of the Pacific Coast and Kantō Plain to four hours per day on the Sea of Japan coast of Hokkaidō .
However , the demographic shift in Japan 's age profile has triggered concerns about the nation 's economic future and the viability of its welfare state .
All trains are known for punctuality .
Internet Service Number of Broadband Users by Access ( April 2005 ) Number of Broadband Users by Access ( June 2004 ) Number of Broadband Users by Access ( June 2002 ) Country code ( Top-level domain ) : JP History The first milestones in the Japanese media history were newspapers in the Meiji period , the first being the Nagasaki Shipping List & Advertiser , founded 1861 in Nagasaki , with the telegraph and telephone following suit .
The first railway was built between Tokyo and Yokohama in 1872 and many more developed .
The two main airlines are Japan Airlines and All Nippon Airways .
Canada – Japan relations are underpinned by their partnership in multilateral institutions : the G-7 / 8 ; the United Nations ; the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development , the Quad ( Canada , the European Union , Japan and the United States ) , and by their common interest in the Pacific community , including participation in the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation forum ( APEC ) and the ASEAN Regional Forum ( ARF ) .
At the same time , government and business leaders see Japan as a vital export market and an essential element in Australia 's strong future growth and prosperity in the Asia-Pacific region .
The great popularity in Japan of Bae Yong Joon , a South Korean actor , has also been seen as a sign that the two countries have moved closer together .
Joyce returned to Dublin in mid-1909 with George , in order to visit his father and work on getting Dubliners published .
In 1915 , after most of his students were conscripted in Trieste for World War I , he moved to Zurich .
This magazine was edited by Margaret Anderson and Jane Heap , with the backing of John Quinn , a New York attorney with an interest in contemporary experimental art and literature .
It was also stated that the ratio of tachi-waza to ne-waza should be between 70 % to 80 % for kyu grades and 60 % to 70 % for dan grades .
Kansetsu waza ( joint manipulation techniques ) were limited to techniques that focused on the elbow joint .
The first black belts to denote a Dan rank in the 1880s , initially the wide obi was used ; as practitioners trained in kimono , only white and black obi were used .
He has , however , also needed to drive a number of other vehicles , ranging from a Citroën 2CV to a Routemaster Bus , amongst others .
Japanese has no genealogical relationship with Chinese , but it makes extensive use of Chinese characters , or , in its writing system , and a large portion of its vocabulary is borrowed from Chinese .
Humble language is used to talk about oneself or one 's own group ( company , family ) whilst honorific language is mostly used when describing the interlocutor and their group .
Technological changes mitigated much of this expected demand as fiber optics replaced copper wire networks and various plastics replaced the once ubiquitous copper pipes throughout the construction industry .
There would n't have been a bridge .
Esther followed Swift to Ireland in 1714 , and settled at her old family home , Celbridge Abbey .
During his visit he stayed with his old friends Alexander Pope , John Arbuthnot and John Gay , who helped him arrange for the anonymous publication of his book .
In 1732 , his good friend and collaborator John Gay died .
Having entered the race before creating a campaign platform , Biafra later wrote his platform on a napkin while attending a Pere Ubu concert where Dead Kennedys drummer Ted told Biafra , " Biafra , you have such a big mouth that you should run for Mayor . "
The Karaites ( " Scripturalists " ) accept only the Hebrew Bible and what they view as the Peshat ( " simple " meaning ) ; they do not accept non-biblical writings as authoritative .
Historians have speculated that this is where Cook first felt the lure of the sea while gazing out of the shop window .
His five seasons in Newfoundland produced the first large-scale and accurate maps of the island 's coasts and were the first scientific , large scale , hydrographic surveys to use precise triangulation to establish land outlines .
He held this nominal post until abolishing it in 1952 , concurrently serving as the Premier of the Soviet Union after establishing the position in 1941 .
Consequently , the Julian calendar is currently 13 days behind the Gregorian calendar ; for instance , 1 January in the Julian calendar is 14 January in the Gregorian .
See also Pronunciation note Notes Bibliography References Further reading External links
The Jamaican Maroons fought the British during the 18th century .
The following year Blue and John Crow Mountains National Park was created on roughly 300 square miles ( 780 km2 ) of wilderness , which supports thousands of tree and fern species and rare animals .
The American film Cocktail ( 1988 ) , starring Tom Cruise , is one of the more popular films to depict Jamaica .
Agricultural production , an important engine of growth increased 15.3 % in third quarter of 1998 compared to the corresponding period in 1997 , signaling the first positive growth rate in the sector since January 1997 .
Other smaller power stations ( most owned by the Jamaica Public Service Company – the island 's electricity provider ) support the island 's electrical grid including the Hunts Bay Power Station , the Bogue Power Station , the Rockfort Power Station and small hydroelectric plants on the White River , Rio Bueno , Morant River , Black River ( Maggotty ) and Roaring River .
Jamaica lies south of Cuba and west of Haiti .
At its greatest extent , Jamaica is , and its width varies between .
Fishing The fishing industry grew during the 1900s , primarily from the focus on inland fishing .
There are several other ports positioned around the island , including the alumina ports , Port Esquivel in St. Catherine ( WINDALCO ) , Rocky Point in Clarendon and Port Kaiser in St. Elizabeth .
The beacon was standing in 1935 , and remained until at least 1942 .
Jersey ( , ; Jèrriais : Jèrri [ ʒɛri ] , officially the Bailiwick of Jersey ( ) , is a British Crown Dependency just off the coast of Normandy , France .
The bailiwick includes two groups of small islands that are no longer permanently inhabited , the Minquiers and Écréhous , and the Pierres de Lecq , as well as the island of Jersey itself .
Each minister may appoint up to two assistant ministers .
There are two Catholic private secondary schools : De La Salle College in Saint Saviour is an all-boys school , and Beaulieu Convent School in Saint Helier is an all-girls school ; and FCJ primary school in St. Saviour .
Jersey is the home of Durrell Wildlife Park ( formerly known as the Jersey Zoological Park ) founded by the naturalist , zookeeper , and author Gerald Durrell .
National Assembly - the States of Jersey The parliamentary body responsible for adopting legislation and scrutinising the Council of Ministers is the Assembly of the States of Jersey .
Telephones Jersey is incorporated into the UK National Telephone Numbering Plan [ 1 ] area codes of +44 1534 for landlines and +44 7797 for JT mobiles ( formerly Jersey Telecom ) , +44 7700 for Sure mobiles ( Cable & Wireless Communications ) , +44 7829 for Airtel-Vodafone mobiles .
Johnston Atoll is a atoll in the North Pacific Ocean about west of Hawaii .
The atoll , which is located on the coral reef platform , comprises four islands .
Executive branch | King | Abdullah II of Jordan | | 7 February 1999 | - | Prime Minister | Abdullah Ensour | Independent | 11 October 2012 | } Executive authority is vested in the king and his cabinet .
He accepted the position in April 1594 , at the age of 23 .
They would switch to germanium after some months .
Alternatively , jewellery has been used as a currency or trade good ; an example being the use of slave beads .
India has the longest continuous legacy of jewellery making anywhere since Ramayana and Mahabharata times .
Jewellery making developed in the Americas 5,000 years ago in Central and South America .
In 1991 Jim Jarmusch appeared as himself in Episode One of John Lurie 's cult television series Fishing With John .
Later life In 1462 , during a conflict between two archbishops , Mainz was sacked by archbishop Adolph von Nassau , and Gutenberg was exiled .
Brown 's concert repertoire consisted mostly of his own hits and recent songs , with a few R&B covers mixed in .
In 2005 , Charles " Champ " Walker and the We Feel Good Committee went before the County commission and received approval to change Augusta 's slogan to " We Feel Good " .
Jonathan Bruce Postel ( ; August 6 , 1943 – October 16 , 1998 ) was an American computer scientist who made many significant contributions to the development of the Internet , particularly with respect to standards .
He is known principally for being the Editor of the Request for Comment ( RFC ) document series , and for administering the Internet Assigned Numbers Authority ( IANA ) until his death .
He was the original and long-time . us Top-Level Domain administrator .
He who forsakes the Führer withers away , ' he would later write .
Since civilian morale was his responsibility , he increasingly concerned himself with matters such as wages , rationing and housing , which affected morale and therefore productivity .
In 1994 , The Hudsucker Proxy ( co-written with Raimi ) was released ; the board of a large corporation in the 1950s attempt to sabotage its share price by appointing a no-hoper as boss , but their plan backfires when he invents the hula hoop .
The original concept put forward by Borges is in Kafka and His Precursors - after reviewing works that were written before Kafka 's , Borges wrote " If I am not mistaken , the heterogeneous pieces I have enumerated resemble Kafka ; if I am not mistaken , not all of them resemble each other .
Early life and education Austen was born on 16 December 1775 at Steventon rectory and publicly christened on 5 April 1776 .
At the age of eleven his ambition was to become a mathematician .
He is currently finishing The Triangle Book written with Steve Sigur , math teacher at Paideia School in Atlanta , Georgia , and in summer 2008 published The Symmetries of Things with Chaim Goodman-Strauss and Heidi Burgiel .
He also borrowed from other , Polish - and French-language authors , to an extent sometimes skirting plagiarism .
Conrad 's was a starkly lucid view of the human condition – a vision similar to that which had been offered in two micro-stories by his ten-years-older Polish compatriot , Bolesław Prus ( whose work Conrad greatly admired ) : " Mold of the Earth " ( 1884 ) and " Shades " ( 1885 ) .
Conrad is also reported to have stayed at Hong Kong 's Peninsula Hotel — a port that , in fact , he never visited .
He and Toni Morrison were the most written-about living American novelists of their time .
Sir Joshua Reynolds RA FRS FRSA ( 16 July 1723 – 23 February 1792 ) was an influential eighteenth-century English painter , specialising in portraits and promoting the " Grand Style " in painting which depended on idealization of the imperfect .
As a lecturer , his Discourses ( delivered between 1769 and 1790 ) are remembered for their sensitivity and perception .
He died in his home in Taconic , Connecticut , at the age of 66 , on the night of 7 January 1950 .
Schumpeter and democratic theory In the same book , Schumpeter expounded a theory of democracy which sought to challenge what he called the " classical doctrine " .
The Beatles achieved mainstream success in the UK during the beginning of 1963 .
Those who had condemned Hanratty were , according to Lennon , " the same people who are running guns to South Africa and killing blacks in the streets .
All of these roles were opposite Palin ( who Cleese often claims is his favourite Python to work with ) — the comic contrast between the towering Cleese 's crazed aggression and the shorter Palin 's shuffling inoffensiveness is a common feature in the series .
The show was developed in New York with William Goldman , and includes Cleese 's daughter Camilla as a writer and actor ( the shows were directed by Australia n Bille Brown ) .
The Silver Stallion is a loose sequel to Figures of Earth that deals with the creation of the legend of Manuel the Redeemer , in which Manuel is pictured as an infallible hero , an example to which all others should aspire ; the story is told by Manuel 's former knights , who remember how things really were and take different approaches to reconciling the mythology with the actuality of Manuel .
java import javax .
Judah the Prince , ( , Yehudah HaNasi ) or Judah I , also known as Rabbi or Rabbenu HaQadosh ( , " our Master , the holy one " ) , was a 2nd-century CE rabbi and chief redactor and editor of the Mishnah .
He was a key leader of the Jew ish community during the Roman occupation of Judea .
Politically , Kerouac found enemies on both sides of the spectrum , the right disdaining his association with drugs and sexual libertinism and the left contemptuous of his anti-communism and Catholicism ; characteristically he watched the 1954 Senate McCarthy hearings smoking cannabis and rooting for the anti-communist crusader , Senator Joe McCarthy .
Later career : 1957 – 1969 In July 1957 , Kerouac moved to a small house at 1418 ½ Clouser Avenue in the College Park section of Orlando , Florida , to await the release of On the Road .
Jeff Mills ( born 18 June 1963 , Detroit , Michigan ) is an American techno DJ and producer .
Career Starting in the early 1980s , Mills , using the name " The Wizard " , was a recurring guest DJ on " The Electrifying Mojo " radio show on WJLB .
Major won in excess of 14 million votes , the highest popular vote recorded by a British political party in a general election .
I ca n't believe he 's here and sometimes I think he ca n't either . "
In October 1864 delegates for confederation met in Quebec City for the Quebec Conference , where the Seventy-Two Resolutions were agreed to — they would form the basis of Canada 's government .
Donald Smith ( later Lord Strathcona ) was a major partner in the syndicate , but because of the ill will between him and the Conservatives , Smith 's participation was initially not made public , though it was well-known to Macdonald .
The party 's backers , principally financiers headquartered on Toronto 's Bay Street , preferred Drew 's conservative political stances to Diefenbaker 's Western populism .
People were delirious .
Jean-Michel Basquiat ( December 22 , 1960 – August 12 , 1988 ) was an American artist .
Utilizing social commentary as a " springboard to deeper truths about the individual " , Basquiat 's paintings also attacked power structures and systems of racism , while his poetics were acutely political and direct in their criticism of colonialism and support for class struggle .
after hearing the news of Lincoln 's death .
David Herold surrendered , but Booth refused Conger 's demand to surrender , saying " I prefer to come out and fight " ; the soldiers then set the barn on fire .
Failing to uphold standards Such a code of conduct can , in the real world , be difficult to uphold consistently .
The city council resisted the implementation of Calvin 's and Farel 's ideas , and both men were expelled .
From her I never experienced the slightest hindrance .
While waiting for the responses , the council also asked Servetus if he preferred to be judged in Vienne or in Geneva .
Legacy After the deaths of Calvin and his successor , Beza , the Geneva city council gradually gained control over areas of life that were previously in the ecclesiastical domain .
While László Polgár has been credited with being an excellent chess coach , the Polgárs had also employed professional chessplayers to train their daughters , including Hungarian champion IM Tibor Florian , Hungarian GM Pal Benko and Russian GM Alexander Chernin .
In September 2011 , Polgár competed in the Chess World Cup , a 128-player tournament with a large prize fund and qualification to the top three for the World Championship cycle .
Rousseau 's autobiographical writings — his Confessions , which initiated the modern autobiography , and his Reveries of a Solitary Walker — exemplified the late 18th-century movement known as the Age of Sensibility , and featured an increased focus on subjectivity and introspection that later characterized modern writing .
Rousseau was not the first to make this distinction .
The lasting importance of the work on general equilibria and the methodology of fixed point theorems is underscored by the awarding of Nobel prizes in 1972 to Kenneth Arrow , in 1983 to Gérard Debreu , and in 1994 to John Nash who used fixed point theorems to establish equilibria for noncooperative game s and for bargaining problem s in his Ph.D. thesis .
The bypassed flow is at lower velocities , but a higher mass , making thrust produced by the fan more efficient than thrust produced by the core .
By the time he had reached his late seventies , this " straightening out " had become almost an obsession .
He believed that transportation of free American blacks to Africa offered a solution , as promoted by the American Colonization Society ( ACS ) .
He died at Montpelier on June 28 , as the last of the Founding Fathers .
On 1 October 2009 , it moved from the Privy Council Chamber , in Downing Street , to the former Middlesex Guildhall building , which had been refurbished in 2007 to provide a home for both the JCPC and the newly-created Supreme Court of the United Kingdom .
Abbadie subsequently published a revised version of the French translation of the English liturgy used at this church , with an epistle dedicatory to George I .
The fried battered shrimp tempura sitting in a bowl of tempura-soba would be referred to as " the shrimp " or " the tempura " , and not so much be referred to as a topping ( gu ) .
Traditional Japanese table setting is to place a bowl of rice on your left and to place a bowl of miso soup on your right side at the table .
Early Life James Monroe was born on April 28 , 1758 , in his parents ' house located in a wooded area of Westmoreland County , Virginia .
The treaty had produced ten years of peace and highly lucrative trade for American merchants , but Jefferson was still hostile .
... the American continents , " he stated , " by the free and independent condition which they have assumed and maintain , are henceforth not to be considered as subjects for future colonization by any European Power . "
When the parents took James to church to be baptized , the father Samuel refused to declare his belief in Christianity , and the minister refused to baptize the child .
Four years later Polk sold his Somerville plantation and , together with his brother-in-law , bought 920 acres ( 3.7 km ² ) of land , a cotton plantation near Coffeeville , Mississippi .
Meanwhile , Army captain John C. Frémont led settlers in northern California to overthrow the Mexican garrison in Sonoma ( in the Bear Flag Revolt ) .
Lack of progress prompted the President to order Trist to return to the United States , but the diplomat ignored the instructions and stayed in Mexico to continue bargaining .
“ To look at that map , ” Robert Merry concluded , “ and to take in the western and southwestern expanse included in it , is to see the magnitude of Polk ’s presidential accomplishments .
He is a half-second cousin of Motown founder Berry Gordy Jr. on his mother 's side , and a cousin of June Carter Cash .
In the rest of the article , it is assumed that the coefficient pattern generated is due to sequential mode .
They are golden in complexion .
Jains have developed a type of meditation called Samayika , which term derives from the word samaya .
However , sects of Jainism that practice idol-worship often employ a servant , known as a pujari , who need not be a Jain , to perform special daily rituals and other priestly duties .
During the interview , Irving criticized bestselling American author Tom Wolfe , saying Wolfe “ ca n’t write , ” and that his writing makes Irving gag .
jpg | Bethlehem Chapel ( exterior ) in Prague File : Betlémská kaple interior .
Regulars in the Festive 50 , and easily recognised by vocalist Mark E. Smith 's distinctive delivery , The Fall became synonymous with Peel 's Radio 1 show through the 1980s and 1990s .
In his Heswall birthplace a pub was opened , named The Ravenscroft , in his honour .
John Painter states that phrase " who was called Christ " is used by Josephus in this passage " by way of distinguishing him from others of the same name such as the high priest Jesus son of Damneus , or Jesus son of Gamaliel " both having been mentioned by Josephus in this context .
In the 1840s and 1850s , the international powers began a tug-of-war in Palestine as they sought to extend their protection over the region 's religious minorities , a struggle carried out mainly through consular representatives in Jerusalem .
The average size of Jerusalem 's 180,000 households is 3.8 people .
The government , centered in Jerusalem , generates a large number of jobs , and offers subsidies and incentives for new business initiatives and start-ups .
The historians John Stuart Cox and Athan G. Theoharis speculated that Clyde Tolson , who became an associate director of the FBI and Hoover 's primary heir , may have been his lover .
Their train fares were paid for by a friend , the press officer of Pitter Patter , who was also desperate to act .
Who would know more about dying than him ? "
Cagney denied this , and Lincoln Steffens , husband of the letter 's writer , backed up this denial , asserting that the accusation stemmed solely from Cagney 's donation to striking cotton workers in the San Joaquin Valley .
Shot from a script approved by H. G. Wells , the film was a blend of horror , humor and confounding visual effects .
He and David Lewis lived together as a couple from around 1930 to 1952 .
The offices for the U.S. Peace Government are located in Maharishi Vedic City , Iowa , and the office of the President was at The Jefferson hotel , Washington , D.C. in 2004 .
The university has condemned the behavior of the block party attendees .
This is the founding document of the Jesuits as an official Catholic religious order .
For instance , Jacques Gravier , vicar general of the Illinois Mission in the Mississippi River valley , compiled the most extensive Kaskaskia Illinois – French dictionary among works of the missionaries before his death in 1708 .
Among many distinguished early Jesuits was St. Francis Xavier , a missionary to Asia who converted more people to Catholicism than anyone before .
During the nearly thirty years that Haydn worked at the Esterházy court , he produced a flood of compositions , and his musical style continued to develop .
He also composed instrumental music : the popular Trumpet Concerto and the last nine in his long series of string quartets , including the Fifths , Emperor , and Sunrise quartets .
As the years passed , Zappa only remembered having it after his son , Dweezil Zappa , found it dismantled near his father 's studio in the early 1990s . "
Hendrix borrowed a Fender Telecaster from Noel Redding to record " Hey Joe " and " Purple Haze " , used a white Gibson SG Custom for his performances on The Dick Cavett Show in the summer of 1969 , and the Isle of Wight film shows him playing his second Gibson Flying V. While Jimi had previously owned a Flying V that he had painted with a psychedelic design , the Flying V used at the Isle of Wight was a unique custom left-handed guitar with gold plated hardware , a bound fingerboard and " split-diamond " fret markers that were not found on other 1960s-era Flying Vs. On December 4 , 2006 , one of Hendrix 's 1968 Fender Stratocaster guitars with a sunburst design was sold at a Christie 's auction for US$ 168,000 .
He had a fruitful association with engineer Roger Mayer who later went on to make the Axis fuzz unit , the Octavia octave doubler and several other devices based on units Mayer had created or tweaked for Hendrix .
It was a direct result of Kathy Etchingham 's efforts , Hendrix 's former girlfriend who lived with him at the flat .
His last film was The Shootist ( 1976 ) , whose main character , J. B. Books , was dying of cancer — the illness to which Wayne himself succumbed three years later .
Ground was broken for the New John Wayne Birthplace Museum and Learning Center at a ceremony consisting of over 30 of Wayne 's family members , including Melinda Wayne Munoz , Aissa , Ethan and Marisa Wayne .
In 1970 , he retired professionally aged 35 , and joined the South African club , Durban City , for whom he played one season and helped them to win the national championship .
The second son they named יעקב , Jacob ( Ya ` aqob or Ya ` aqov , meaning " heel-catcher " , " supplanter " , " leg-puller " , " he who follows upon the heels of one " , from , ` aqab or ` aqav , " seize by the heel " , " circumvent " , " restrain " , a wordplay upon , ` iqqebah or ` iqqbah , " heel " ) .
Elisha 's student led Jehu away from the others , anointed him king in an inner chamber , and then departed ( ) .
The saint 's left hand is allegedly preserved in the Armenian Apostolic Church of St. John at Chinsurah , West Bengal , where each year on " Chinsurah Day " in January it blesses the Armenians of Calcutta .
Though Yaḥyā and Yuḥānna have different tri-consonantal roots , the Arabic Yaḥyā could have been formed due to a gradual ease in pronunciation of John 's original name in the Hejaz .
Taylor refused , as he did not wish his daughter to have a difficult life as a military wife on frontier army posts .
The incident was the start of a lifelong feud between Davis and Scott .
Return to politics Senator Because of his war service , Governor Brown of Mississippi appointed Davis to fill out the Senate term of the late Jesse Speight .
He would often use melodic counterpoint during improvisation , move lines and chords chromatically or play melodies by solely shifting chords , and descending augmented arpeggios at the end of phrases .
His series of solo albums , Virtuoso ( volumes 1 through 4 ) are a demonstration of Pass ' refined technique .
In a letter to William Small in 1772 , Watt confessed that " he would rather face a loaded cannon than settle an account or make a bargain . "
In 1800 , the year of Watt ’s retirement , the firm made a total of forty-one engines .
This text formed the foundation of Lacan 's work for the subsequent years .
The team 's other two wins came in a season sweep of the Cleveland Browns including a Week 17 24 – 21 victory sealed by a Mike Hollis 34-yard field goal in the Browns ' final game before the team relocated to Baltimore and was renamed the Ravens .
This identification would agree well with the later location of the Jutes in Kent , since the area just opposite of Kent on the European mainland ( present-day Flanders ) was part of Francia .
Jewish prayer ( , tefillah ; plural , tefillos or tefillot ; Yiddish תּפֿלה tfile , plural תּפֿלות tfilles ; Yinglish : davening from Yiddish דאַוונען davnen ‘ to pray ’ ) are the prayer recitations that form part of the observance of Judaism .
These prayers , often with instructions and commentary , are found in the siddur , the traditional Jewish prayer book .
The oldest prayer books date from the time of the Geonim of Babylonia ; " some were composed by respected rabbinic scholars at the request of far-flung communities seeking an authoritative text of the required prayers for daily use , Shabbat , and holidays . "
From this point forward all Jewish prayerbooks had the same basic order and contents .
In January 1923 , the team performed the first successful clinical trial , and it was soon followed by others .
Demographics Jackson remained a small town for much of the 19th century .
The competition eventually expanded to rotating annual events between Jackson , Varna , Moscow and Tokyo .
Her " rags to riches " story is considered a " rarity " , having innovated Latin influence in the entertainment community which it lacked for decades .
Her parents stressed the importance of work ethic and being able to speak English .
With a production budget of $ 105 million , the film grossed a total of $ 172 million worldwide .
In the late 1980s the primary seminary of the Reform movement , Hebrew Union College-Jewish Institute of Religion , changed its admission requirements to allow openly gay and lesbian people to join the student body .
Academic awards Honors Publications Besides publishing prolifically himself , Dewey also sat on the boards of scientific publications such as Sociometry ( advisory board , 1942 ) and Journal of Social Psychology ( editorial board , 1942 ) , as well as having posts at other publications such as New Leader ( contributing editor , 1949 ) .
Robinson was also known for his pursuits outside the baseball diamond .
Military career In 1942 , Robinson was drafted and assigned to a segregated Army cavalry unit in Fort Riley , Kansas .
His cumulative performance earned him the inaugural Major League Baseball Rookie of the Year Award ( separate National and American League Rookie of the Year honors were not awarded until 1949 ) .
Robinson 's breaking of the baseball color line and his professional success symbolized these broader changes and demonstrated that the fight for equality was more than simply a political matter .
Jack French Kemp ( July 13 , 1935 May 2 , 2009 ) was an American politician and a collegiate and professional football player .
A Republican , he served as Housing Secretary in the administration of President George H. W. Bush from 1989 to 1993 , having previously served nine terms as a congressman for Western New York 's 31st congressional district from 1971 to 1989 .
Events Births Deaths Holidays and observances External links
Jihad ( ; ) , an Islamic term , is a religious duty of Muslim s. In Arabic , the word jihād translates as a noun meaning " struggle " .
Jihad is commonly misunderstood as " Holy War " , Jihad means " to struggle in the way of Allah " .
John Sherman was the most prominent candidate and sought to attract the Blaine supporters to his candidacy , but instead found them flocking to Benjamin Harrison of Indiana after a telegram from Carnegie suggested that Blaine favored him .
Thomas F. Bayard , Blaine 's predecessor , had accepted an invitation to a three-party conference in Berlin aimed at resolving the dispute , and Blaine appointed American representatives to attend .
The bishops in attendance at the Second Council of Constantinople in 553 recognized that nothing could be done in the Church contrary to the emperor 's will and command ; while , on his side , the emperor , in the case of the Patriarch Anthimus , reinforced the ban of the Church with temporal proscription .
In July 2006 the documentary Johnny Too Bad was screened by the BBC .
Paradise Lost Milton 's magnum opus , the blank-verse epic poem Paradise Lost , was composed by the blind and impoverished Milton from 1658 to 1664 ( first edition ) with small but significant revisions published in 1674 ( second edition ) .
The black form may be an example of heterozygote advantage ; breeding in captivity is not yet conclusive on this .
He was sentenced to five years ' probation and one year in a work release camp .
The book of Jonah is read every year , in its original Hebrew and in its entirety , on Yom Kippur - the Day of Atonement , as the Haftarah at the afternoon mincha prayer .
Therefore , the fish cast Jonah out onto dry land , with Jonah in a state of sickness .
Tyndale 's translation was later incorporated into the Authorized Version of 1611 .
See Matthew 12:40 .
These are simply switches .
Teaming with their former youth pastors Paul and Jan Crouch , the Bakkers created the " Praise the Lord " show for the Crouches ' and Bakker 's new Trinity Broadcasting Network in California .
Nehru joined both leagues but worked especially for the former .
Eventually , the government by the 26th Amendment to the constitution was successful in abolishing the Princely states of India .
The normal rapport was n't adequate . "
According to Joplin biographer Ellis Amburn , in Gravenites ' snapshots they " look like a carefree , happy , healthy young couple having a tremendously good time . "
Joplin was among several singers who had been contacted , or whose management had been contacted , by Yoko Ono with a request for a taped greeting for Lennon 's 30th birthday , which was October 9 .
John van Melle ( 11 February 1887 – 8 November 1953 ) was the pen name of a Dutch - born South Africa n author .
John Fink ( born February 11 , 1940 ) is an American film and television actor .
In the 1970-1971 the NBC sitcom Nancy , Fink was cast as an Iowa veterinarian , Dr. Adam Hudson , who marries the daughter of the President of the United States .
Death Jacques-Yves Cousteau died of a heart attack on 25 June 1997 in Paris , aged 87 .
Jean Philippe Rushton ( December 3 , 1943 – October 2 , 2012 ) was a Canadian psychology professor at the University of Western Ontario who became known to the general public during the 1980s and 1990s for research on race and intelligence , race and crime , and other apparent racial variation .
His book Race , Evolution and Behavior ( 1995 ) is about the application of r/K selection theory to humans .
Rushton was a Fellow of the American , British , and Canadian Psychological Association s and onetime Fellow of the John Simon Guggenheim Memorial Foundation .
Anti-racism activist and Political Scientist Tim Wise criticized Rushton 's application of r/K Selection Theory to crime rates and IQ , charging that Rushton ignored things such as systematic/institutional discrimination , racial profiling , economic disparities and unequal access to judicial defense in his attempt to apply r/K Theory and IQ theories to explain racial disparities in American crime rates .
The critics loved it , with a couple calling it her best work since the start of her solo career .
In Powers ' sequel ( of sorts ) , Hide Me Among the Graves ( 2012 ) , Polidori is a vampire and a central villain menacing the novel 's protagonists , his nieces and nephews in the Rossetti family .
In the Highlander : The Series episode " The Modern Prometheus " , which featured Lord Byron , one of the series regulars , Methos , serves as a stand-in for Polidori .
Humour In the comedy field , humour induces an " economised expenditure of emotion " ( Freud calls it " economy of affect " or " economy of sympathy " .
He returned to the stage to star in Mary Coyle Chase 's Harvey , which had opened to nearly universal praise in November 1944 , as Elwood P. Dowd , a wealthy eccentric living with his sister and niece , and whose best friend is an invisible rabbit as large as a man .
It is ranked as one of the best trial film s of all time .
It fell to the Mujahideen in 1992 when they were on their way to capture Kabul .
and has an area of .
Air Soekarno – Hatta International Airport ( CGK ) is the main airport serving the greater Jakarta area .
According to the Warren Commission , Ruby arrived back at the Carousel Club shortly before 1:45 pm to notify employees that the club would be closed that evening .
Ruby was one of several people there who spoke up to correct Wade , saying : " Henry , that 's the Fair Play for Cuba Committee , " a pro-Castro organization .
Randi would tell him what to say through sophisticated radio equipment .
Of the meditation techniques of Guru Maharaj Ji he writes : " Only the very naive were convinced that they had been let in on some sort of celestial secret . "
Instead , he said , " I want to be cremated , and I want my ashes blown in Uri Geller 's eyes . "
On return from the war , his father suffered from ' war weariness ' and had difficulty in continuing in general practice .
Then at the end of the 1990s Habermas approached Derrida at a party held at a university in the United States where they were both lecturing .
That spring , he met Delbrück first in Luria 's apartment and again that summer during Watson 's first trip to the Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory ( CSHL ) .
Watson was quoted as saying , " I am putting my genome sequence on line to encourage the development of an era of personalized medicine , in which information contained in our genomes can be used to identify and prevent disease and to create individualized medical therapies " .
The muscle is able to generate the sudden increase of force because , according to biotensegrity or tensegrity , the muscle is constantly under the tension of opposing spring forces .
The basic step of Jumpulse is the treadmill , where the dancer is moving as if the dancer is on a treadmill without a treadmill .
This highlighted the effective limits of Christianity in India .
Constans in turn fell in 350 in the war against the usurper Magnentius .
For example , city land owned by the imperial government was returned to the cities , city council members were compelled to resume civic authority , often against their will , and the tribute in gold by the cities called the aurum coronarium was made voluntary rather than a compulsory tax .
His master is Lho Kunsang of the Drikung Kagyu lineage of the Kagyu school .
In particular , Professors Roberta and Peter Markman state that " we were dismayed because this piece of character assassination was unsupported by any evidence . "
All but 80 of the original copper plates were melted down when Lucy Audubon , desperate for money , sold them for scrap to the Phelps Dodge Corporation .
As a child , Hancock became a casual acquaintance of young John Adams , whom the Reverend Hancock had baptized in 1734 .
On June 17 , the Massachusetts House elected five delegates to send to the First Continental Congress in Philadelphia , which was being organized to coordinate colonial response to the Coercive Acts .
In Congress on June 15 , 1775 , Massachusetts delegate John Adams nominated George Washington as commander-in-chief of the army then gathered around Boston .
Campbell was not given full authority for Astounding until May 1938 , but had been responsible for buying stories somewhat earlier .
The job would have been done — and done right — half a century sooner , with vastly less human misery , and with almost no bloodshed ... The only way slavery has ever been ended , anywhere , is by introducing industry ... If a man is a skilled and competent machinist — if the lathe s work well under his hands — the industrial management will be forced , to remain in business , to accept that fact , whether the man be black , white , purple , or polka-dotted . "
The play concerned the court trial of an alleged murderer and assigned the role of jury to the audience , which would vote on the guilt of Archer 's character at the end of each performance .
In 2009 , Archer said : “ I am completely relaxed about it .
underneath .
After making the necessary preparations , Jones sailed for France on November 1 , 1777 with orders to assist the American cause however possible .
Britain , however , was able to divert L'Indien away from American hands by exerting pressure to ensure its sale to France instead ( who had not yet allied with America ) .
Filmography John Roy References External links
With Hackman reprising his role as New York cop Popeye Doyle , the film was a success and got Frankenheimer his next job , Black Sunday in 1976 .
Praetors established a workable body of laws by judging whether or not singular cases were capable of being prosecuted either by the edicta , the annual pronunciation of prosecutable offense , or in extraordinary situations , additions made to the edicta .
Analytic jurisprudence Analytic , or ' clarificatory ' , jurisprudence means the use of a neutral point of view and descriptive language when referring to the aspects of legal systems .
Many British colonies , including the United States , adopted the English common law system in which trial by jury is an important part .
In England in 1791 , civil actions were divided into actions at law and actions in equity .
Another response is that the laws and moral principles are objective and self-evident in nature .
Such consequentialist property rights theorists argue that respecting property rights maximizes the number of pareto efficient transactions in the world and minimized the number of non-pareto efficient transactions in the world ( i.e. transactions where someone is made worse off ) .
Literary career Owing to the success of a little work , The Mother at Home , he devoted himself , from 1844 onwards , to literature .
Jeffry D. Wert acknowledges that Lee , his officers , and fighting by the Army of the Potomac bear the responsibility for the Confederate loss at Gettysburg , but states that " Stuart failed Lee and the army in the reckoning at Gettysburg .
Hanson found the work tedious and considered resigning after just one week , citing his poor health and family responsibilities .
The JVM verifies all bytecode before it is executed .
She was effortlessly more sexual and charming and eagerly undressed for Paris , displaying her naked body for him to inspect .
International To deal with the issue of forum shopping , states are urged to adopt more positive rules on conflict of laws .
He was very active in the impressionist movement of the time .
Genetic classification of languages The languages of Africa Greenberg is widely known for his development of a new classification system for the languages of Africa , which he published as a series of articles in the Southwestern Journal of Anthropology from 1949 to 1954 ( reprinted together as a book in 1955 ) .
10 ) .
17:3 -4 ; 35:3 ; 51:2 -3 ; and 76:4 -7 .
She was most notable for breaking down the barriers between writing perceived as inherently " male " or " female " — it was not publicly known until 1977 that James Tiptree , Jr. was a woman .
The three-story , Space Station Processing Facility ( SSPF ) consists of two processing bays , an airlock , operational control rooms , laboratories , logistics areas and office space for support of non-hazardous Station and Shuttle payloads to ISO 14644-1 class 5 standards .
Mitchell wrote poetry as well .
An investigation of extant Canterbury manuscripts shows that one possible survivor is the St. Augustine Gospels , now in Cambridge , Corpus Christi College , Manuscript ( MS ) 286 .
Aged 17 , he was awarded a senior scholarship to study medicine at the University of Melbourne .
Background and education Scarlett was born in Jamaica , where his father , Robert Scarlett , had property .
Physical obligationsThe Talmud argues that a husband is responsible for the protection of his wife 's body .
It is the aim of the Mawlana Rumi Review to redress this carelessly inattentive approach to world literature , which is something far more serious than a minor faux pas committed by the Western literary imagination . "
The Corpus Clock in Cambridge , unveiled in 2008 , is an homage by the designer to Harrison 's work but is of an electro mechanical design .
At two years old that memory was made .
James Alan McPherson ( born September 16 , 1943 ) is an American short story writer and essay ist .
He has been a recipient of a Guggenheim Fellowship and a MacArthur Fellowship .
Having treated with both parties , and received lavish promises from them , he appears to have hoped to be Emperor himself ; but when the election came , he turned to the winning side and voted for Charles .
Keats immediately changed publishers to Taylor and Hessey on Fleet Street .
Having left his training at the hospital , suffering from a succession of colds , and unhappy with living in damp rooms in London , Keats moved with his brothers into rooms at 1 Well Walk in the village of Hampstead in April 1817 .
The journey was a minor catastrophe : storms broke out followed by a dead calm that slowed the ship ’s progress .
The event was denounced and condemned by the Canadian Jewish Congress ( CJC ) leader Bernie Farber and general counsel Benjamin Shinewald .
On May 11 , 2008 , Rutsey died in his sleep of an apparent heart attack , related to complications from diabetes .
They were relatively ineffective as weapons , but were used in one of the few attacks on North America during World War II , causing six deaths and a small amount of damage .
He called it " a painful reminder of some of the most ignominious chapters of our national history " .
2001 marked his first post-Seinfeld return to prime-time television : the heavily promoted but short-lived ABC sitcom Bob Patterson ( which was canceled after just 5 episodes ) .
In the days of the mission to Bruges Owtred still belonged to Wycliffe 's circle of friends .
He tells that as a beginner he was desperate to comprehend the passages dealing with the activities of the divine Word , until by the grace of God he was able to gather the right sense of Scripture , which he then understood .
The last call was at 10 o'clock .
Marangella has served as principal oboist for numerous ballet orchestras thrughout his career .
Obviously , I 'm not an investigative reporter , " Matrisciana admitted to investigative journalist Murray Waas .
At the end of the segment , he said , " Conan , it 's yours !
The famous perfumers Guerlain and Jean Patou said that they could smell vanilla in the remains , also consistent with mummification .
Grimm 's results have been greatly modified by the wider range of comparison and improved methods of investigation that now characterize linguistics , and many questions he raised will probably remain obscure , but his book 's influence has been profound .
In comparison to the current text logo one can see that the old Acid Jazz Records version of the logo was more angular at points , together with the letters being much thinner .
From here , there are fewer instances of repletion and more moving up and down in a pulse like fashion .
Shaker Loops has been described as " hauntingly ethereal , " while 1999 's " Naïve and Sentimental Music " has been called " an exploration of a marvelously extended spinning melody . "
The final rung of the ladder — beyond prayer ( προσευχή ) , stillness ( ἡσυχία ) , and even dispassion ( ἀπαθεία ) -- is love ( ἀγάπη ) .
Esau refuses the gifts , as he is now very wealthy and does not need them .
Jadavpur University ( , ) or JU is a public state university located in Kolkata , West Bengal .
It has two campuses : the main campus at Jadavpur and the new campus at Salt Lake , approximately and from the city centre respectively .
Emblem The emblem of the university is a three-flamed lamp encircled by lotus petals .
The construction of the K. C. Roy Hall in the Electrical Engineering Building , expansion of the Chemical Engineering Building , construction of the Gymnasium ( now Indoor Stadium ) , a revolving Theatrical Stage , the Wind Mills for pumping out the water from the Play Grounds are all Alumni creations .
After the formation of the Jadavpur University in 1955 the rules were modified to include ex-students of the University as alumni .
He retired from the Marine Corps on February 1 , 2007 .
The veterans ' visits and attendant promises of " never again " did much to improve the " New Germany 's " image in Britain and France .
When on the morning of 3 September 1939 Chamberlain followed through with his threat of a British declaration of war if Germany attacked Poland , a visibly shocked Hitler asked Ribbentrop " Now what ? "
After signing the Soviet-German Non-Aggression Pact , Ribbentrop expanded on this idea for an Axis alliance to include the Soviet Union to form a Eurasia n bloc that would destroy maritime states such as Britain .
While presenting the Best Actor Award to Denzel Washington the following year she made a gaffe , saying she was glad that Tom Conti was n't there .
Of the Johannine literature , Revelation bears the least grammatical similarity to the Gospel .
With the success of the Captain America character , Simon felt that Goodman was not paying the pair the promised percentage of profits , and so sought work for the two of them at National Comics ( later renamed DC Comics ) .
Young Romance # 1 ( cover-date Oct. 1947 ) " became Jack and Joe 's biggest hit in years " .
In other media Jean Grey appears in various media , such as animated programs , video games , films , and is sometimes referenced in pop culture .
Although keen on becoming a pilot , there was already a surplus of trained aircrew and the Air Force instead put his mechanical skills to use as a flight mechanic , of which there was a wartime shortage .
Brabham won ten of the year 's 16 European Formula Two races in his Brabham-Honda .
On 25 March 1915 , while in Bukovina , he was seriously wounded and captured by the Russians .
The largest Tito monument in the world , about high , is located at Tito Square ( Slovene : ) , the central square in Velenje , Slovenia .
Earth 's moon has been colonised , with a series of large domes forming Luna City ; another colony , Puerto Luminae , exists but is a lawless , violent hellhole .
In the United States , the film won several " worst film of the year " awards .
In July 2009 four further Judge Dredd titles were released under the banner " Crime Chronicles " , once more featuring Toby Longworth .
In all , he brought about more than 50 treaties , including the settlement of the Samoa n dispute , as a result of which the United States secured Tutuila , with a harbor in the Pacific ; a definitive Alaska n boundary treaty in 1903 ; the negotiation of reciprocity treaties with Argentina , France , Germany , Cuba , and the British West Indies ; the negotiation of new treaties with Spain ; and the negotiation of a treaty with Denmark for the cession of the Danish West India Islands .
One of his most dramatic home runs was likely his ninth - inning , lead off , opposite field home run in the final game of the 1972 National League Championship Series .
Only available as a prepared product .
The main , and what was to be the most distinctive , feature of the Ju 87 was its double-spar inverted gull wing s. After Plauth 's death , Pohlmann continued the development of the Junkers dive bomber .
As well as the installation of the Jumo 210D , the A-1 had two 220 L ( 60 US gal ) fuel tanks built into the inner wing , but it was not armoured or protected .
The Ju 87 E and F proposals were never built , and Junkers went straight onto the next variant .
It is unknown whether any Ju 87s were built from parts unofficially after December 1944 and the end of production .
These aircraft supported the Nationalist forces and carried out anti-shipping missions until they returned to Germany in October 1938 .
On 13 September , the Luftwaffe targeted airfields again , with a small number of Ju 87s crossing the coast at Selsey and heading for Tangmere .
His casting in the film was controversial since , except for Point Break , he was primarily known for comedies and indie dramas .
This revealed the new King Crimson sound , which featured elements of the interlocking guitars on Discipline and the heavy rock feel of Red , but also involved a greater use of ambient electronic sound and ideas from industrial music .
The word " kilogramme " was written into French law in 1795 and the French spelling was adopted in the United Kingdom when the word was used for the first time in English in 1797 , with the spelling " kilogram " being adopted in the United States .
This layer slightly increases the mass of the sphere , an effect which must be accounted for when polishing the sphere to its finished dimension .
The working groups are a structure which will formalize some roles within KDE and enhance coordination within KDE and communication between parts of KDE .
In 1909 , he became Vice-Mayor of Cologne , an industrial metropolis with a population of 635,000 in 1914 .
Begin had been the former commander of Irgun and at that time headed Herut and was a member of the Knesset .
Louis Bazin derived it from Turkish qas - ( " tyrannize , oppress , terrorize " ) on the basis of its phonetic similarity to the Uyğur tribal name , Qasar .
Kievan Rus ' sources According to the Primary Chronicle , in 986 Khazar Jews were present at Vladimir 's disputation to decide on the prospective religion of the Kievian Rus ' .
Xinhua News Agency reported that observers from China , responsible in overseeing 25 polling stations in Astana , found that voting in those polls was conducted in a " transparent and fair " manner .
Nevertheless , Kazakhstan remains principally dependent on Russia .
The politics of Kazakhstan takes place in the framework of a presidential republic , whereby the President of Kazakhstan is head of state and nominates the head of government .
Executive power is exercised by the government .
President Nazarbayev expanded his presidential powers by decree : only he can initiate constitutional amendments , appoint and dismiss the government , dissolve Parliament , call referendums at his discretion , and appoint administrative heads of regions and cities .
Pavlodar There is an 86 km tram network , which began service in 1965 with , as of 2012 , 20 regular and 3 special routes .
Kazakhstan also has an Individual Partnership Action Plan with NATO & strategic cooperation with the Turkish Armed Forces .
Moi attempted to transform the de facto single-party status of Kenya into a de jure status during the 1980s , but with the end of the Cold War , the practices of political repression and torture which had been " overlooked " by the Western powers as necessary evils in the effort to contain communism were no longer tolerated .
Looking for middle-class employment and social privileges , they challenged existing relationships within the colonial state .
In December 2002 , Kenya held democratic and open elections and elected Mwai Kibaki as their new president .
In 2008 , agreements were made with Uganda about gauge standardisation .
The post of Chief of the General Staff was only filled again seven years later when Daniel arap Moi moved Lieutenant General Jackson Mulinge from Army Commander to CGS in November 1978 .
Tarawa Atoll has three councils : Betio Town Council , Te Inainano Urban Council ( for the rest of South Tarawa ) and Eutan Tarawa Council ( for North Tarawa ) .
In November 2010 , Kiribati hosted the Tarawa Climate Change Conference ( TCCC ) , the purpose of which was to support the initiative of the President of Kiribati to hold a consultative forum between vulnerable states and their partners with a view of creating an enabling environment for multi-party negotiations under the auspices of the UNFCCC .
Australia later joined the coalition , donating US $ 1.5 million to the effort .
Economy Kiribati is one of the world 's poorest countries .
Kiribati is considered one of the least developed countries in the world .
Examples include fishing licenses , development assistance , worker remittances , and tourism .
Furthermore , the TCCC aims to be an integral part of the process of regional and global consultations scheduled to take place in 2010 .
Kuwait had arguably one of the best natural harbors in the Persian Gulf .
The crown prince must be approved by an absolute majority of the members of the National Assembly .
Al-Rashid voted against cutting diplomatic ties , arguing that Muslims have to be positive and remember that it were some individuals , not governments , who insulted the Prophet Muhammad .
Russia has an embassy in Kuwait City , and Kuwait has an embassy in Moscow .
In Kirghizia the 1990 elections were held on 25 February , with a second round on 7 April .
The most recent elections were parliamentary , held February 27 and March 13 , 2005 .
Kyrgyzstan 's National Environmental Action Plan ( NEAP ) has addressed these problems as part of its first-phase priorities in cooperation with the Aral Sea Program .
Though " Lithium " had been written before Cobain knew Vail , the lyrics of the song were changed to reference her .
After months of legal wrangling , the couple were eventually granted full custody of their daughter .
Cobain 's body had been lying there for days ; the coroner 's report estimated Cobain to have died on April 5 , 1994 .
Cross ' biography was met with criticism , including allegations of Cross accepting secondhand ( and incorrect ) information as fact .
The Santa Fe Trail traversed Kansas from 1821 to 1880 , transporting manufactured goods from Missouri and silver and furs from Santa Fe , New Mexico .
Much of the architecture and decor of this town has a distinctly Swedish style .
After World War II , at the age of 42 , he became an American citizen .
During his teens , Kurt studied Gabelsberger shorthand , Goethe 's Theory of Colours and criticisms of Isaac Newton , and the writings of Immanuel Kant .
In that article , he proved for any computable axiomatic system that is powerful enough to describe the arithmetic of the natural numbers ( e.g. the Peano axioms or Zermelo – Fraenkel set theory with the axiom of choice ) , that : These theorems ended a half-century of attempts , beginning with the work of Frege and culminating in Principia Mathematica and Hilbert 's formalism , to find a set of axioms sufficient for all mathematics .
Although Marx won this contest , the transfer of the seat of the General Council from London to New York in 1872 , which Marx supported , led to the decline of the International .
Liebknecht , a founder and leader of the German Social-Democratic Party , gave a speech in German , and Longuet , a prominent figure in the French working-class movement , made a short statement in French .
Labour , class struggle , and false consciousness Marx had a special concern with how people relate to that most fundamental resource of all , their own labour power .
quine " five winning numbers " , L. quini " five each " ) , but by all accounts the game originated in China .
These Masters maintained always a strong link between them , the JKA and the others JKA masters in the world , especially Hidetaka Nishiyama in USA .
After the Mongol Empire 's collapse , severe political strife followed and Goryeo was replaced by the Joseon Dynasty in 1388 .
Etymology " Korea " derives from the Goryeo period of Korean history , which in turn referred to the ancient kingdom of Goguryeo , the first Korean dynasty visited by Persian merchants who referred to Koryŏ ( Goryeo ; 고려 ) as Korea .
That same year , Empress Myeongseong was assassinated by Japanese agents .
Responding to criticism , he later clarified to the House Committee on International Relations that " while it has committed ' terrorist acts , ' it has ' not been classified legally by the U.S. Government as a terrorist organization . ' "
Although there were deaths and severe injuries on the Albanian side , the insurgency in Glodjane was far from stamped out .
Statistical experts working on behalf of the ICTY prosecution estimate that the total number of dead is about 10,000 .
These would have been unlikely to have resisted a full-scale invasion for long , but were probably in misleading overflying aircraft and satellites .
The University for the Creative Arts ( UCA ) also has three of its five campuses in the county .
Such cross-references had long been common in Latin Bibles , and most of those in the Authorized Version were copied unaltered from this Latin tradition .
For example , the Septuagint reading " They pierced my hands and my feet " was used in Psalm 22:16 ( vs. the Masoretes ' reading of the Hebrew " like lions my hands and feet " ) .
Spacey appeared in the 1995 thriller film Seven , with Brad Pitt and Morgan Freeman , making a sudden entrance late in the film as the serial killer John Doe , after going unmentioned in the film 's advertisements and opening credits .
He received his B.S. in Interdisciplinary Sciences in 1977 and his M.S. in 1979 in Astro/Aerospace Engineering with a Master 's thesis titled " Design of a High Performance Solar Sail System . "
Kyoto Parties can use land use , land use change , and forestry ( LULUCF ) in meeting their targets .
Annex I Parties use of forest management in meeting their targets is capped .
In particular , PaMs were strengthened after 2000 , helping to enhance energy efficiency and develop renewable energy sources .
Mourners say Kaddish to show that despite the loss they still praise God .
The choice of Kalevala as the name for his work was not a random choice however .
Väinämöinen heals all of the ailments and , with Ilmarinen , restores the fire .
Reflecting the social tensions of urban industrialization and vastly increased immigration , its membership grew most rapidly in cities , and spread out of the South to the Midwest and West .
The Women 's Klan were active in promoting prohibition , stressing liquor 's negative impact on wives and children .
The KKK also used lawsuits as tools ; they filed a libel suit to prevent publication of a paperback edition of Thompson 's book .
The film 's popularity spawned similar pictures , including a few about " ape men " and gorillas .
In 1931 , David O. Selznick brought Cooper to RKO as his executive assistant , and , to sweeten the deal , promised him he could make his own films .
Reception Variety thought the film a powerful adventure .
Etymology The word was adopted into English in the nineteenth century from medieval Icelandic treatises on poetics , in particular the Prose Edda of Snorri Sturluson , and derives ultimately from the Old Norse verb kenna “ know , recognise ; perceive , feel ; show ; teach ; etc. ” , as used in the expression kenna við “ to name after ; to express [ one thing ] in terms of [ another ] ” , “ name after ; refer to in terms of ” , and kenna til “ qualify by , make into a kenning by adding ” .
Thus the sky might be called naturalistically él-ker “ squall-vat ” ( Markús Skeggjason : Eiríksdrápa 3 ) or described in mythical terms as Ymis haus “ Ymir ’s skull ” ( Arnórr jarlaskáld : Magnúsdrápa 19 ) , referring to the idea that the sky was made out of the skull of the primeval giant Ymir .
The local newspaper Tønsbergs Blad in Tønsberg , Norway similarly used Kult in relation to the disappearance of a boy called Andreas Hammer on July 1 , 1994 .
Spin-offs Notes External links
Satiety , rather than quality , was most important .
The kilobyte ( symbol : kB ) is a multiple of the unit byte for digital information .
Although the prefix kilo - means 1000 , the term kilobyte and symbol kB have historically been used to refer to either 1024 ( 210 ) bytes or 1000 ( 103 ) bytes , dependent upon context , in the fields of computer science and information technology .
It appears that either the current residents of the Kuiper belt have been created closer to the Sun or some mechanism dispersed the original mass .
A consensus among astronomers as to the precise definition of the Kuiper belt has yet to be reached , and this issue remains unresolved .
The single reached the number one position in the UK , making " The Model " Kraftwerk 's most successful record in the UK .
It debuted December 12 , 1897 in the American Humorist , the Sunday supplement of William Randolph Hearst 's New York Journal .
Katzenjammer translates literally as the wailing of cats but is used to mean contrition after a failed endeavor or hangover in German ( and , in the latter sense , in English too ) .
It inspired several animated cartoons and was one of 20 strips included in the Comic Strip Classics series of commemorative postage stamps .
This first film , titled The Katzenjammer Kids In School was made for the Biograph Company by William George Bitzer .
Four humorous novellas featuring American expatriate s in Nepal are collected in Escape from Kathmandu ( 1989 ) ; the two main characters are the similarly-named George Fergusson and George " Freds " Fredericks .
Also important are the references to Arthur in William of Malmesbury 's De Gestis Regum Anglorum and Herman 's De Miraculis Sanctae Mariae Laudensis , which together provide the first certain evidence for a belief that Arthur was not actually dead and would at some point return , a theme that is often revisited in post-Galfridian folklore .
It was not , however , the only Arthurian influence on the developing " Matter of Britain " .
He is remembered for his handling of the Black Sox scandal , in which he expelled eight members of the Chicago White Sox from organized baseball for conspiring to lose the 1919 World Series and repeatedly refused their reinstatement requests .
Landis had been a lawyer with a corporate practice ; upon his elevation to the bench , corporate litigants expected him to favor them .
The pioneer in this development was Branch Rickey , who then ran the St. Louis Cardinals .
Landis summoned the black catcher to his office , interviewed him , and announced Gibson was cleared of wrongdoing .
Despite this , he attended the first successful minor league night game , in Des Moines , Iowa , in 1930 .
After the Revolutions of 1989 and the birth of the Third Republic , a number of new architectural trends came to Kraków .
The current divisions were introduced by the Kraków City Hall on 19 April 1995 .
City of Kraków development costs included 41 % toward road building , transport , and communication ( combined ) , and 25 % for the city 's infrastructure and environment .
Kraków contains also an outstanding collection of monuments of Jewish sacred architecture unmatched anywhere in Poland .
A traditional kora player is called a Jali , similar to a ' bard ' or oral historian .
Palestine had always been a crossroads for trade ; now , this trade extended to Europe as well .
According to a 2012 estimate , the population of the city is 3,289,000 .
The slow speed of reforms however frustrated both the Western educated elite and the Russian-trained army officers .
In February 1979 , U.S. Ambassador Adolph Dubs was murdered after Afghan security forces burst in on his kidnappers .
Martial arts systems that utilize kicks will therefore emphasize the training of very efficient and technically perfected forms of kicks , include recovery techniques in the event of missed or blocked kicks , and will employ a wide repertoire of kicks adapted to specific situations .
The high kicks practiced in modern martial arts or the flying/jumping kicks performed in synthesis styles are primarily performed for conditioning or aesthetic reasons .
Bill Wallace was also a great user of this kick , as seen in his fight with Bill Briggs , where he KO 'd his opponent with the clocked 60 mph kick .
They burned several tobacco warehouses , notably in Hopkinsville and Princeton .
Irregularities with the execution led to this becoming the last public execution in the United States .
Religion In 2000 , The Association of Religion Data Archives reported that of Kentucky 's 4,041,769 residents : Today Kentucky is home to several seminaries .
In addition , the top 28 wealthiest places in Kentucky are in Jefferson County and seven of the 15 wealthiest counties in the state are located in the Louisville CSA .
A distribution with positive excess kurtosis is called leptokurtic , or leptokurtotic . "
Indians traditionally adhere to Hinduism .
As of Kuala Lumpur 's central business district today has shifted around the Kuala Lumpur city centre ( KLCC ) where many new and tall buildings with modern and postmodern architecture fill the skyline .
The university also owns an additional in cities across the state that it operates as Agricultural Experiment Stations in research centers in Hays , Garden City , Colby , and Parsons .
The head football coach is Bill Snyder , the head men 's basketball coach is Bruce Weber , the head women 's basketball coach is Deb Patterson and the head baseball coach is Brad Hill .
As a result of this meeting , the ban was amended so that guntō weapons would be destroyed while swords of artistic merit could be owned and preserved .
Ranging from small letter opener s to scale replica " wallhangers " , these items are commonly made from stainless steel ( which makes them either brittle or poor at holding an edge ) and have either a blunt or very crude edge .
This was a more comfortable way for the armored samurai to carry his very long sword or to draw while mounted .
Vonnegut was one of a group of American prisoners of war to survive the attack in an underground slaughterhouse meat locker used by the Germans as an ad hoc detention facility .
Bush is so ignorant . ' "
According to Musō Soseki , both are upaya , " skillfull means " meant to educate students .
A Master of the Order was assigned " 4 horses , and one chaplain-brother and one clerk with three horses , and one sergeant brother with two horses , and one gentleman valet to carry his shield and lance , with one horse . "
Kazaa Media Desktop ( once stylized as " KaZaA " , but now usually written " Kazaa " ) started as a peer-to-peer file sharing application using the FastTrack protocol licensed by Joltid Ltd. and operated as Kazaa by Sharman Networks .
Kazaa was subsequently under license as a legal music subscription service by Atrinsic , Inc. .
Kimono are T-shaped , straight-lined robes worn so that the hem falls to the ankle , with attached collars and long , wide sleeves .
Shibori work can be further enhanced with yuzen ( hand applied ) drawing or painting with textile dyes or with embroidery ; it is then known as tsujigahana .
Shirt , Trousers and Salwar kameez are widely worn in Urban areas .
Talacauvery and Kudremukh , both in Karnataka , are on the tentative list of World Heritage Site s of UNESCO .
The Torah prohibits " seething the kid ( goat , sheep , calf ) in its mother 's milk " .
Other airlines that adopted the Flying Blue programme are : Air Europa , Kenya Airways and TAROM .
The club posted a winning record in three of the last four seasons following their World Series championship season while developing young stars such as Bo Jackson , Tom Gordon , and Kevin Seitzer .
Kosher commonly refers to food that abides by Kashrut ( Jewish dietary laws ) .
Related articles include : Kosher may also refer to :
After her soldiers had been turned to stone by Medusa , Palutena was defeated in battle , and imprisoned deep inside the sky temple .
In each of these , there were in the early Middle Ages a number of feudal lords who often were just as powerful , and sometimes more so than the rulers themselves .
It was not allowed again until 1976 .
However , the party did well in the 2002 local government mayoral and council election with Ma Ying-jeou , its candidate for Taipei mayor , winning reelection by a landslide and its candidate for Kaohsiung mayor narrowly losing but doing surprisingly well .
This was seen as a major victory for the party ahead of legislative elections in 2007 .
Kuomintang leaders across China adopted nationalist rhetoric .
In 1948 , the Kuomintang again attacked the merchants of Shanghai , Chiang Kaishek sent his son Chiang Ching-kuo to restore economic order .
The Kuomintang leaders also opposed the May Fourth Movement .
After the Hebrew Bible experience of prophecy , the first documented schools of specifically mystical theory and method in Judaism are found in the 1st-2nd centuries , described in the heichalot ( supernal " palaces " ) texts and the earliest existent book on Jewish esotericism , Sefer Yetzirah .
Many famous kabbalists , including the ARI , Rabbi Nachman of Breslov , Yehuda Ashlag , were younger than twenty when they began .
Kajang , is a town in the eastern part of Selangor , Malaysia .
Kajang is the district capital of Hulu Langat .
The 696th Instructor and Research Helicopter Regiment , based at Torzhok Air Base , is operating eight helicopters , in varying degrees of capability and/or modification , for the purpose of ongoing research and development .
Since knowledge is used to achieve intelligent behavior , the fundamental goal of knowledge representation is to facilitate reasoning , inferencing , or drawing conclusions .
Gellish English is an example of an ontological language that includes a full engineering English Dictionary .
He played Friar Sands in The Lost Empire , for NBC .
In Europe , his greatest success was Sandokan , the saga of a romantic Asian pirate during British colonial times ; an Italian-German-French TV series which broke viewership records across Europe . .
Kaber may refer to : People Place
The Kamov Ka-25 ( NATO reporting name ' Hormone ' ) was a naval helicopter , developed for the Soviet Navy in the USSR from .
Design and development In the late 1950s there was an urgent demand for anti-submarine helicopters for deployment on new ships equipped with helicopter platforms entering service with the Soviet Navy .
It is a layered silicate mineral , with one tetrahedral sheet linked through oxygen atom s to one octahedral sheet of alumina octahedra .
In many parts of the world , it is colored pink-orange-red by iron oxide , giving it a distinct rust hue .
Comparing soils along a gradient towards progressively cooler or drier climates , the proportion of kaolinite decreases , while the proportion of other clay minerals such as illite ( in cooler climates ) or smectite ( in drier climates ) increases .
Günter Grass , in an interview published in The New York Times on Tuesday 8 April 2003 said , " One of the many reasons I wrote Crabwalk was to take the subject away from the extreme Right ... They said the tragedy of the Gustloff was a war crime .
It has the added benefit of counteracting spinal sensitization or wind-up phenomena experienced with chronic pain .
showed blocking the NMDA receptor is an intermediate step .
Fear of Harm According to a recent report on NPR , Demitri Papolos uses ketamine to treat children with " fear of harm " profile , a condition characterized by : sleep disturbances including frequent and terrifying nightmares ; an extreme reaction when anyone tries to control their behavior ; and overheating , especially at night .
Critics have noticed links to Gertrude Stein and photographers Cindy Sherman and Sherrie Levine .
After Queen Victoria 's death it was set in Queen Alexandra 's brand-new diamond crown , with which she was crowned at the coronation of her husband , King Edward VII .
Conventional character types were established .
He introduced shichigo-cho ( seven-and-five syllable meter ) dialogue and music such as kiyomoto .
Of the many popular young stars who performed with the Takechi Kabuki , Nakamura Ganjiro III ( b. 1931 ) was the leading figure .
For a long time , actors from one region often failed to adjust to the styles of the other region and were unsuccessful in their performance tours of that region .
Kent State offers over 300 degree programs , among them 250 baccalaureate , 40 associate 's , 50 master 's , and 23 doctoral programs of study , which include such notable programs as nursing , liquid crystal s , business , history , library science , aeronautics , journalism and fashion design .
The university also operates the 18-hole Kent State Golf Course and Centennial Research Park just east of campus in Franklin Township and the Kent State University Airport in Stow .
In the 1960s , designers Mary Quant and Pierre Cardin worked with the company , whose products graced the heads of the rich and famous , including the Beatles and Arnold Palmer , and later Princess Diana .
Keith John Moon ( 23 August 1946 – 7 September 1978 ) was an English musician , best known for being the drummer of the English rock group The Who .
He was well known for his unique drumming style , and gained notoriety for his eccentric and often self-destructive behaviour .
By the time of the group 's invitation-only gig at the Kilburn Gaumont in December 1977 , intended for The Kids are Alright , he was visibly overweight and had difficulty keeping a solid performance .
He did n't do anything to talk of . "
However , for cordage and other non-metallic appliances , the tools used are generally limited to sharp edges or blades such as a sheepsfoot blade , occasionally a fine needle for proper whipping of laid rope , a hot cutter for Nylon and other synthetic fibers , and ( for larger ropes ) a shoe for smoothing out large knots by rolling them on the ground .
The term orca is preferred by some to avoid the negative connotations of " killer " , and because , being part of the family Delphinidae , the species is more closely related to other dolphins than to whales .
Wild males who survive infancy live 30 years on average , and up to 50 – 60 years .
PETA claims the 13th amendment technically does not state it applies only to human animals .
His father , St. John Philby , a well-known author , orientalist , and convert to Islam , was a member of the Indian Civil Service and later a civil servant in Mesopotamia and advisor to King Ibn Sa'ud of Saudi Arabia .
Aileen Philby resented him and disliked his presence ; Americans were offended by his " natural superciliousness " and " utter contempt for the whole pyramid of values , attitudes , and courtesies of the American way of life . "
The city is also home to the Republic of China Navy fleet headquarter and academy .
Kuleshov ( ) and Kuleshova ( ; feminine ) is a common Russian surname .
People with this surname include : References
Due to their Catholic faith , the Kashubians were subject to Prussia 's Kulturkampf in the late 19th century .
17,000 of them considering themselves as having a national identity distinct from both the Polish and the German nationality .
Kermit is a computer file transfer/management protocol and a set of communications software tools primarily used in the early years of personal computing in the 1980s ; it provides a consistent approach to file transfer , terminal emulation , script programming , and character set conversion across many different computer hardware and OS platforms .
Technical The Kermit protocol supports text and binary file transfers on both full-duplex and half-duplex 8 bit and 7-bit serial connections in a system - and medium-independent fashion , and is implemented on hundreds of different computer and operating system platforms .
On June 28 , 2006 , he also appeared on Charles Gibson 's final episode of " Good Morning America " as Gibson 's " adopted son " .
The background of the stamp sheet features a photo of a silhouetted Henson sitting in a window well , with Kermit sitting in his lap looking at him .
Its importance to Moscow was reflected in the fact that it was chiefly responsible for the training of a new generation of Afghans who could be loyal to the Soviet Union .
The orange color is due to inclusion of small amounts of manganese ( Mn3 + ) in the structure .
By a vote of 23 to 17 , the senate voted to kill the motion by laying it on the table with every senator from states south of Missouri voting for the tabling .
The bill had been significantly modified by Douglas , who had also authored the New Mexico and Utah territorial acts , to mirror the language from the Compromise of 1850 .
It is a cavity nester , preferring holes in cliffs , trees or buildings ; in built-up areas , Common Kestrels will often nest on buildings , and generally they often reuse the old nests of corvid s if are available .
The Common Kestrels of Europe living during cold periods of the Quaternary glaciation differed slightly in size from the current population ; they are sometimes referred to as paleosubspecies F. t. atavus ( see also Bergmann 's Rule ) .
They were born in Takamagahara , the world of Heaven at the time of the creation , as Amenominakanushi 天御中主 ( Central master ) , Takamimusubi ( High creation ) , Kamimusubi ( Divine creation ) , and a bit later Umashiashikabihikoji ( Energy ) and Amenotokotachi ( Heaven ) .
See also
After closing one main steel plant and laying off 20,000 employees , the company had a steelmaking capacity of around eight million metric tons and sales of about 28 billion DM ( US$ 18.9 billion ) .
Diet Kangaroos have chambered stomachs similar to those of cattle and sheep .
Fighting has been described in all species of kangaroos .
In 1958 , the Kirlians reported the results of their experiments for the first time .
In 1961 , they published their first paper on the subject in the Russian Journal of Scientific and Applied Photography .
Roman period During the Third Macedonian War , thirty-five vessels allied to Rome , carrying about 1,000 Galatia n troops , as well as a number of horses , were sent by Eumenes II to his brother Attalus .
The Kurdish people , or Kurds ( ) , are an Iranic people native to Southwest Asia , mostly inhabiting a region known as Kurdistan , which includes adjacent parts of Turkey , Syria , Iran , and Iraq .
They speak the Kurdish language , which is a member of the Iranian branch of Indo-European languages .
Turkish government also encouraged an Islamic extremist group called Hezbollah to assassinate suspected PKK members and often ordinary Kurds .
Konrad Zacharias Lorenz ( 7 November 1903 – 27 February 1989 ) was an Austrian zoologist , ethologist , and ornithologist .
Lorenz began to suspect and fear " that analogous processes of deterioration may be at work with civilized humanity . "
This is normally done in yellow ink .
During this period , Tsiolkovsky began working on a problem that would occupy much of his time during the coming years : an attempt to build an all-metal dirigible that could be expanded or shrunk in size .
He then managed a bakery for two years .
On the way , he saw something glowing under a fir tree .
File : Shinai .
Like some other martial arts , kendōka train and fight barefoot .
Kendoka who wish to use such techniques during practice or competitions , often practice each technique with a motodachi .
In competition , there are usually three .
Their first son , Gerd , died within a week of birth , 9 September 1916 ; their second , Ernst , was born on 16 November 1918 , and was to remain close to his father for the rest of his life , up to and including a shared exile in Britain together .
The stone remains as a memorial even though his body was disinterred and reburied in the Engesohde Cemetery in Hanover in 1970 , the grave being marked with a marble copy of his 1929 sculpture Die Herbstzeitlose .
He was one of the best-known American Color field painters , although in the 1950s he was thought of as an abstract expressionist and in the early 1960s he was thought of as a minimalist painter .
The Indus River flood plain is near Karachi .
Civic administration The first foop of government was a conservancy board established in 1846 to control the spread of cholera in the city .
The Sindh Wildlife Conservation Building , located in Saddar , served as a Freemasonic Lodge until it was taken over by the government .
jpg | Park in Shadman Town Image : Korangi Road Karachi .
It is popularly known as the koala bear because of its bear-like appearance .
Since the koala gains a low amount of energy from its diet , its metabolic rate is half that of a typical mammal , although this can vary between seasons and sexes .
But Carleton 's orders proved to be effective , and the Navajo realized they had only two choices : surrender and go to Bosque Redondo , or die .
In the United Kingdom , kippers are often served for breakfast , tea or dinner .
To prevent injury to the knife user through the blade accidentally closing on the user 's hand , folding knives typically have a locking mechanism .
Assisted opening knives can be as fast or faster than automatic knives to deploy .
An athame , a ceremonial black-handled knife , is used in Wicca and derived forms of neopagan witchcraft .
The party was also barred from standing in the 1992 election , and both organisations were banned outright in 1994 .
In the Kathmandu Valley , which is representative of its valley 's climate , the average summer temperature varies from .
Tamang s originating from surrounding hill districts can be seen in Kathmandu .
By submitting a single query to KIS , a user can search a set of remote white pages services and see the results of the search in a uniform format .
He remains well known in Greenland , Denmark and among Canadian Inuit .
It 's all right .
The great majority of passing attacks , however , consisted solely of short pitches and shovel passes to stationary receivers .
Unicode version 6.0 also includes " Katakana letter archaic E " ( U +1 B000 ) and " Hiragana letter archaic YE " ( U +1 B001 ) in the Kana Supplement block .
Any pleat is characterized by depth and width .
The Knowledge Query and Manipulation Language , or KQML , is a language and protocol for communication among software agents and knowledge-based systems .
It was developed in the early 1990s part of the DARPA knowledge Sharing Effort , which was aimed at developing techniques for building large-scale knowledge bases which are shareable and reusable .
After graduating from the University of California , Santa Barbara , Soliah moved to Berkeley , California with her boyfriend , Jim Kilgore .
sex .
In recent years there have been attempts to explore the viability of live crayfish and chilled fish exports and salt production .
The poem is considered one of the most famous examples of Romanticism in English poetry .
The figure is related to Heliodurus 's work , Aethiopian History with its description of " a young Lady , sitting upon a Rock , of so rare and perfect a Beauty , as one would have taken her for a Goddess , and though her present misery opprest her with extreamest grief , yet in the greatness of her afflection , they might easily perceive the greatness of her Courage : A Laurel crown 'd her Head , an a Quiver in a Scarf hanged at her back " .
The poem 's claim that the narrator would be inspired to act if the song of the maid could be heard was a belief that Coleridge held regarding Evans after she become unattainable to him .
In dialects of Kashubian a schwa occurs .
He was transferred in 2003 and replaced by Yousef Pashtun until Asadullah Khalid took the post in 2005 .
It has many paintings by the now famous Ghiyassuddin , painted while he was a young teacher in Kandahar .
From 1505 to 1507 he was a student in Cologne , and in 1507 enrolled at the University of Frankfurt on the Oder .
The Kitt Peak National Observatory ( KPNO ) is a United States astronomical observatory site located on 2,096 m ( 6,880 ft ) Kitt Peak of the Quinlan Mountains in the Arizona - Sonoran Desert on the Tohono O'odham Nation , southwest of Tucson .
With 24 optical and two radio telescopes , it is the largest , most diverse gathering of astronomical instruments in the world .
Reinforced by his studies with Meyer-Eppler , beginning in 1955 , Stockhausen formulated new " statistical " criteria for composition , focussing attention on the aleatoric , directional tendencies of sound movement , " the change from one state to another , with or without returning motion , as opposed to a fixed state " ( Decroupet and Ungeheuer 1998 , 98 – 99 ) .
This dramatic simplification of style provided a model for a new generation of German composers , loosely associated under the label neue Einfachheit or New Simplicity ( Andraschke 1981 ) .
The body , seen sideways , forms a prone rectangle .
Traditionally the coat protected the Komondor from wolves ' bites , as the bites were not able to penetrate the thick coat .
They are known by their loud , distinctive bark .
Its name is derived from Wakhi ' Khun ' means Home and ' Jerav ' means spring water/water falling .
Suprematism In 1915 , Malevich laid down the foundations of Suprematism when he published his manifesto , From Cubism to Suprematism .
Apart from developing , manufacturing and selling the Koenigsegg line of supercars , Koenigsegg is also involved in " green technology " development programmes beginning with the CCXR ( " Flower Power " ) flexfuel supercar and continuing through the present with the Agera R .
During the Seven Years ' War it was occupied by the Russian Empire .
The German language was replaced by the Russian language .
The kinetic energy of the system in the center of momentum frame is a quantity which is both invariant ( all observers see it to be the same ) and is conserved ( in an isolated system , it can not change value , no matter what happens inside the system ) .
The term मेरुः ( mēruḥ ) in Sanskrit refers to a mountain .
The Mitchell Hall is used by local community groups , and is an asset to the wider Fife community .
Kaunda was appointed Chancellor and officiated at the first graduation ceremony in 1969 .
Kaunda 's Third National Development Plan had to be abandoned as crisis management replaced long-term planning .
During the mating season , June to March , the pair call to each other at night , and meet in the nesting burrow every three days .
A number of other mainland conservation islands and fenced sanctuaries have significant populations of kiwi , including : Operation Nest Egg Operation Nest Egg is a programme run by the BNZ Save the Kiwi Trust – a partnership between the Bank of New Zealand , the Department of Conservation and the Royal Forest and Bird Protection Society .
The first commercial planting of Chinese gooseberries occurred in 1937 in New Zealand by the orchardist Jim MacLoughlin .
The failure was blamed on neglect and a lack of funding by the German Federal Government which has been in financial dispute with the state of Schleswig-Holstein regarding the canal .
Main armament was eight guns , but with six and eighteen guns for smaller targets .
Because of the long time it would take to get the Plan Z fleet ready for action and shortage in workers and material in wartime , Plan Z was essentially shelved in September 1939 and the resources allocated for its realization were largely redirected to the construction of U-boats , which would be ready for combat against Great Britain quicker .
The name and the region Kosovo first appears as part of a newly created region within an expanded Serbian medieval state , and soon became its ecclesiastical and secular centre ; the region was subsequently enshrined by the Serbs as the cradle of their national identity .
An Albanian uprising in 1912 exposed the empire 's northern territories in Kosovo and Novi Pazar , which led to an invasion by the Kingdom of Montenegro .
An exodus of the local Albanian population occurred .
At the same time Serbs and Montenegrins dominated the government , security forces , and industrial employment in Kosovo .
Multiple document interface s are not supported , however it is possible to recursively divide a window to view multiple documents simultaneously , or simply open another window .
Smartphones Calligra Mobile is a version for smartphone-like formfactors .
References
Roosevelt also placed an embargo on oil exports to Japan .
Rehoboam built elaborate defenses and strongholds , along with fortified cities .
Help " Portable versions Some users have created modifications to enhance the portability of K-Meleon so they can run the browser on other Windows computers without having to install the software .
The other three band members were Del Palmer ( bass ) , Brian Bath ( guitar ) , and Vic King ( drums ) .
Economy Three international law firms , Lathrop & Gage , Stinson Morrisson & Hecker , and Shook , Hardy & Bacon are based in the City .
Kansas City is literally " on the money . "
The single dollar bills have Kansas City 's name on them .
A tri-colored Koi called a Taisho Sanshoku , more commonly known as the Sanke , was first seen during the Meiji era ( 1868-1912 ) .
This led to the development of the Amber Road .
The first time was in 1995 .
Examples of location parameters include the mean , the median , and the mode .
For example , in English , the two sentences " the slaves were cursing the master " and " the master was cursing the slaves " mean different things , because the role of the grammatical subject is encoded by the noun being in front of the verb , and the role of object is encoded by the noun appearing after the verb .
Linguists currently recognize many hundreds of language families , although some of them can possibly be grouped into larger units as more evidence becomes available and in-depth studies are carried out .
Many projects underway are aimed at preventing or slowing this loss by revitalizing endangered languages and promoting education and literacy in minority languages .
This discrepancy was the subject of 1995 United States Supreme Court case , Neal v. U.S. Lysergic acid and lysergic acid amide , LSD precursors , are both classified in Schedule III of the Controlled Substances Act .
Client intake and counseling ( with regard to pending litigation ) An important aspect of a lawyer 's job is developing and managing relationships with clients ( or the client 's employees , if the lawyer works in-house for a government or corporation ) .
An important effect of this different organizational structure is that there is no conflict of interest where barristers in the same chambers work for opposing sides in a case , and in some specialised chambers this is commonplace .
Although some believe that the word ' louvre ' may refer to the structure 's status as the largest in late 12th century Paris ( from the French L'Œuvre , masterpiece ) – or to its location in a forest ( from the French rouvre , oak ) – one finds in the authoritative Larousse that it derives from an association with wolf hunting den ( via Latin : lupus , lower Empire : lupara ) .
It was released by Elektra Records in November 1967 and would be the final album by the original band , as subsequent albums featured leader Arthur Lee backed by a variety of new players .
On a personal level , Rodriguez says , Forever Changes influenced his decision to become a music critic . "
In 1993 White Wolf Publishing released Mind 's Eye Theatre which is still played internationally and is probably the most commercially successful published LARP .
Realistic-looking weapon props and risky physical activity are sometimes discouraged or forbidden for safety reasons .
This collaborative process of creating shared fictional worlds may be associated with a broader burgeoning " geek " culture in developed societies that is in turn associated with prolonged education , high uptake of information technology and increased leisure time .
Optics Lithium fluoride , artificially grown as crystal , is clear and transparent and often used in specialist optics for IR , UV and VUV ( vacuum UV ) applications .
In the 1970s , Riefenstahl published her still photography of the Nuba tribes in Sudan in several books such as The Last of the Nuba .
A linear equation is an algebraic equation in which each term is either a constant or the product of a constant and ( the first power of ) a single variable .
Linear equations can have one or more variables .
Lewis and Clark were the first Americans to cross the continental divide , the first Americans to see Yellowstone and enter into Montana and produce an official description of these different regions .
The House called for a vote to deny the request for the purchase , but it failed by two votes , 59 – 57 .
On the following day , the Senate authorized President Jefferson to take possession of the territory and establish a temporary military government .
Consider for example workers who take coffee beans , use a roaster to roast them , and then use a brewer to brew and dispense a fresh cup of coffee .
By October 2012 , the economy had recovered from the 2011 conflict , with oil production returning to near normal levels .
Among foreign residents , the largest groups are citizens of other Africa n nations – including North Africans ( primarily Egyptians ) – and Sub-Saharan Africa ns .
In subsequent letters , plot and character can be developed , but the writers should not talk about plot outside of the letters and the characters should never meet .
Now , he starts with much stronger logical foundations than Plato 's non-contrariety of action in reaction to conflicting demands from the three parts of the soul .
Another well known backward pass in the NFL was the River City Relay in a game between the New Orleans Saints and the Jacksonville Jaguars on December 21 , 2003 .
Lavender oil is cytotoxic to human skin cells in vitro ( endothelial cells and fibroblasts ) at a concentration of 0.25 % .
At least one study has found it to be effective at reducing stress , although the study 's authors call for further research .
Essential oils obtained from Melissa officinalis leaf showed high acetylcholinesterase and butyrylcholinesterase co-inhibitory activities .
Peter Molyneux , who often refers to himself as either the lead designer or creative director of Lionhead , often promises specific release dates early on in the development of his titles .
Eventually Polonization affected all aspects of Lithuanian life : politics , language , culture , and national identity .
Simona Krupeckaitė is currently the country 's most famous professional track cyclist .
Thus , these facts are presupposed by the question , and in this case an entrapment , because it narrows the respondent to a single answer , and the fallacy of many questions has been committed .
No true Scotsman is an informal fallacy , an ad hoc attempt to retain an unreasoned assertion .
When faced with a counterexample to a universal claim , rather than denying the counterexample or rejecting the original universal claim , this fallacy modifies the subject of the assertion to exclude the specific case or others like it by rhetoric , without reference to any specific objective rule .
Likewise , the Libre Society drafted two libre ‘ licences ’ , but celebrated their lack of legal power .
The family of candidate habitable planets was extended in late September 2010 to include exoplanets around red dwarf stars because of Gliese 581 g , which is a tidally locked planet in the middle of the habitable zone .
A lighthouse is a tower , building , or other type of structure designed to emit light from a system of lamps and lenses and used as an aid to navigation for maritime pilot s at sea or on inland waterways .
Lighthouses mark dangerous coastlines , hazardous shoal s , reef s , safe entries to harbors , and can also assist in aerial navigation .
Where a tall cliff exists , a smaller structure may be placed on top such as at Horton Point Light .
Orient Long Beach Bar Light ( Bug Light ) is a blend of a screw pile light that was converted to a caisson light because of the threat of ice damage .
Also , we do know that at this time the Daughter Library at the Serapeum was thriving and untouched by the fire , and as Strabo does not mention the library by name , we can assert that for Strabo omission does not necessarily denote absence .
Attack of Aurelian , 3rd century The library seems to have been maintained and continued in existence until its contents were largely lost during the taking of the city by the Emperor Aurelian ( 270 – 275 ) , who was suppressing a revolt by Queen Zenobia of Palmyra ( ruled Egypt AD 269 – 274 ) .
Libertarian may refer to : See also
Liège is a municipality and a city of Belgium .
The term Liège may also refer to : In Belgium , Liège may also refer to : The term Liégeoise means of or related to Liège .
In The Story of San Michele , Axel Munthe writes of the rabies vaccine research : Because of his study in germs , Pasteur encouraged doctors to sanitize their hands and equipment before surgery .
The early Wittgenstein was concerned with the logical relationship between propositions and the world , and believed that by providing an account of the logic underlying this relationship he had solved all philosophical problems .
He once said he felt as though he were writing for people who would think in a different way , breathe a different air of life , from that of present-day men . "
The children were baptized as Catholics , and raised in an exceptionally intense environment .
Two years later , aged 22 and studying chemistry at the Berlin Academy , the third eldest brother , Rudi , committed suicide in a Berlin bar .
He discovered Leo Tolstoy 's The Gospel in Brief at a bookshop in Tarnów , and carried it everywhere , recommending it to anyone in distress , to the point where he became known to his fellow soldiers as " the man with the gospels " .
Good God , do n't tell anybody who I am ! "
Four of his former students arrived at his bedside — Ben Richards , Elizabeth Anscombe , Yorick Smythies , and Maurice O'Connor Drury .
West Low German , also known as Low Saxon ( , ) , is a group of dialects spoken in the northwest of Germany and adjacent territories of The Netherlands and Denmark .
Together with East Low German it forms the Low German dialect group ( German : Niederdeutsch or Plattdeutsch , Dutch : Nederduits ) .
This element also has three meta state s. The isotopes of lanthanum range in atomic weight from 117 u ( 117La ) to 155 u ( 155La ) .
The calculated cross-section was 8.7 nb .
Lead is used in building construction , lead-acid batteries , bullet s and shot , weights , as part of solder s , pewter s , fusible alloy s , and as a radiation shield .
According to the Agency for Toxic Substance and Disease Registry , a small amount of ingested lead ( 1 % ) will store itself in bones , and the rest will be excreted by an adult through urine and feces within a few weeks of exposure .
Unique habitats are found on alvar s , extremely level expanses of limestone with thin soil mantles .
Hence Lübeck has seen a slight decrease in population since 2006 .
The assembly was expanded to 99 members in 1997 , to 115 members in 2006 and finally to 132 members during the 2011 elections .
Today 's capital , Riga , founded in 1201 by Teutonic colonists at the mouth of the Daugava , became a strategic base in a papally-sanctioned conquest of the area by the Livonian Brothers of the Sword .
Across the European continent , Latvia 's coast was known as a place for obtaining amber .
In November 1917 , the Communist Bolshevik s took power in Russia .
Geographic coordinates : Latvia lies on the eastern shores of the Baltic Sea on the level northwestern part of the rising East European platform , between Estonia and Lithuania .
About 98 % of the country lies under elevation .
The largest river is the Daugava , which has been an important route for several thousand years .
Even most of the field crops , such as barley , oats , and potatoes , are grown for animal feed .
The Phoenicians are best known as the inventors of the alphabet , among many other things .
The UN International Independent Investigation Commission published its preliminary findings on 20 October 2005 in the Mehlis report , which cited indications that the assassination was organized by Syrian and Lebanese intelligence services .
The agricultural sector attracts only 12 % of the total workforce .
In 2009 , there were 31.29 physicians and 19.71 nurses per 10,000 inhabitants .
Most of these are employed as guest workers in the same fashion as Syrians and Palestinians , and entered the country to search for employment in the post-war reconstruction of Lebanon .
These have the right to handle family law according to their own courts and traditions , and they are the basic players in Lebanon 's complex sectarian politics .
After the end of the civil war , Lebanon enjoyed considerable stability , Beirut 's reconstruction was almost complete , and increasing numbers of tourists poured into the nation 's resorts .
Lebanon is one of the only seven countries in the world in which the value of the stock market increased in 2008 .
Radio Lebanon also relays Radio France International at 13:00 ( UTC ) daily .
Taxis and Services Apart from buses , the latter are served by either service or taxis .
After gaining independence in 1943 , the Lebanese government formed an official delegation in 1944 to negotiate with the French the terms related to handing over the LAF .
The " Know Your Status " campaign boosted the number of people being tested for HIV to 229,092 by the end of 2007 , 12 percent of the population and three times the number tested in 2005 .
The Irish Government has donated aid to Lesotho since 1975 .
On November 12 , 1985 , a failed counter-coup was launched by Thomas Quiwonkpa , whose soldiers briefly occupied the national radio station .
However , Mount Nimba near Yekepa , is higher at above sea level but is not wholly within Liberia as Nimba shares a border with Guinea and Côte d'Ivoire ( Ivory Coast ) and is their tallest mountain as well .
These sanctions were lifted in 2006 .
One of the most well-known Liberian quilters was Martha Ann Ricks , who presented a quilt featuring the famed Liberian coffee tree to Queen Victoria in 1892 .
Liberia also has a tradition of baking imported from the United States that is unique in West Africa .
Some abolitionists and slaveholders discussed the idea of setting up a colony in Africa for freed African-American slaves .
Americo-Liberian domination and suppression The Americo-Liberians had been cut off from their African cultural inheritance by the conditions of slavery , and were entirely acculturated to contemporary Euro-America society .
Many Western politicians courted president Tubman .
Politics of Liberia takes place in a framework of a presidential representative democratic republic modeled on the government of the United States , whereby the President is the head of state and head of government ; unlike the United States , however , Liberia is a unitary state as opposed to a federation and has a pluriform rather than the two-party system that characterizes US politics .
Executive power is exercised by the government .
The Country code ( Top-level domain ) is LR .
Transport in Liberia is as follows : Railways Historically , three railways were built in Liberia to export ore from mines ; they were damaged during civil war , and as of August 2010 only one had been brought back into service .
He tried to escape abroad but was hunted down and killed by the new government .
He called for the Guinean population to defend its nation and this subsequently led to a large number of attacks , beatings , rapes , and abductions of refugees by Guinean police and military forces .
Car hire for self-drive is not recommended in Libya , although it is possible to hire a vehicle from agents in larger hotels .
Continued Libyan defiance led to further sanctions by the UN against Libya in November 1993 .
During the Libyan civil war , after meeting with high-level representatives of the Chadian government , United States Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton announced that N'Djamena opposes Gaddafi and has reached out to the rival National Transitional Council in rebel-held Benghazi .
Foreign-born people make up two-thirds of the country 's workforce .
Liechtensteiners have an average life expectancy at birth of 80.31 years , male : 76.86 years , female : 83.77 years ( 2011 est. ) .
The Liechtenstein National Police maintains a trilateral treaty with Austria and Switzerland that enables close cross-border cooperation among the police forces of the three countries .
In 1795 , the Grand Duchy of Lithuania was erased from the political map with the Partitions of the Commonwealth .
Central Lithuania held a problematic election , boycotted by the Jews , Lithuanians and Belarusians , and was annexed into Poland on 24 March 1922 .
An early 20th century warming culminated in the 1930s , followed by a smaller cooling that lasted until the 1960s .
Lithuania became a member of the United Nations on September 18 , 1991 , and is a signatory to a number of its organizations and other international agreements .
The victorious Allies disapproved of the choices made by the local élites , and some Belgian politicians even demanded the ( re ) integration of the country into a greater Belgium .
In the end , the grand duchy remained a monarchy but was led by a new head of state , Charlotte .
In the south , although the rainfall is not significantly low , at around , and the winters no milder , the principal difference is in the higher summer temperatures , especially in the Moselle Valley .
The Luxembourg Army was integrated into the Force Publique ( Public Force ) which included the Gendarmerie and the Police .
Groupement Tactique Régimentaire and Home Command In 1954 the Groupement Tactique Régimentaire ( GTR ) , ( Regimental Tactical Group ) was established as Luxembourg ’s contribution to NATO and consisted of three Infantry Battalions , an Artillery Battalion , a Services Company , a Medical Company , a Transport Company , a Signals Company , a Company of Engineers , a Heavy Mortar Company , a Reconnaissance Company and a Headquarters Company .
In 1921 a recorded voice instructed passengers to stand on the right and signs followed in World War II .
A single control room for the sub-surface network is to be established in Hammersmith and an automatic train control ( ATC ) system will replace signalling equipment installed from the 1940s .
The Dowager Duchess is witty and intelligent , and strongly supports her younger son , whom she plainly prefers over his less intelligent , more conventional older brother , Gerald , the 16th Duke .
Letters make up several of the books of the Bible .
Others wore traditionally feminine clothing and assumed a more diminutive role as femmes .
The mints , taxonomically known as Lamiaceae or Labiatae , are a family of flowering plant s. They have traditionally been considered closely related to Verbenaceae , but in the 1990s , phylogenetic studies suggested that many genera classified in Verbenaceae belong instead in Lamiaceae .
The currently accepted version of Verbenaceae may not be more closely related to Lamiaceae than some of the other families in the order Lamiales .
His son was enrolled at Union High School , Bremerton , and later studied at Queen Anne High School in Seattle .
Between October and December 1928 a number of naval families , including Hubbard 's , traveled from Guam to China aboard the USS Gold Star .
Six of his pieces were published commercially during 1932 to 1933 .
This enabled engrams to be " cleared . "
Their presence was meant to be a closely guarded secret but was accidentally compromised the following month .
Scientology leaders announced that his body had become an impediment to his work and that he had decided to " drop his body " to continue his research on another planet , having " learned how to do it without a body . "
They are buried at the Trementina Base in a vault under a mountain near Trementina , New Mexico , on top of which the CST 's logo has been bulldozed on such a gigantic scale that it is visible from space .
( 1987 ) and Jon Atack 's A Piece of Blue Sky ( 1990 ) .
Such figures are not without their value .
Anarchist communism ( also known as anarcho-communism , free communism , libertarian communism , and communist anarchism ) is a theory of anarchism which advocates the abolition of the state , capitalism , wages and private property ( while retaining respect for personal property ) , and in favor of common ownership of the means of production , direct democracy , and a horizontal network of voluntary association s and workers ' council s with production and consumption based on the guiding principle : " from each according to his ability , to each according to his need " .
As such " Whereas the syndicalist alternative re-privatizes the economy into " self-managed " collectives and opens the way to their degeneration into traditional forms of private property - whether " collectively " owned or not - libertarian municipalism politicizes the economy and dissolves it into the civic domain .
London 's summer average is .
If he detected anything on the sonar , he would turn the lights on and take some pictures .
I do n't know . "
Climate As with the rest of the British Isles , Lincoln experiences a maritime climate with cool summers and mild winters .
A now closed weather station still holds the record for lowest daytime maximum temperature recorded in England in the month of December ; on 17 December 1981 .
The air force was not subordinated to the army support role , and it was not given any particular strategic mission .
Trotsky joined the Soviet under the name " Yanovsky " ( after the village he was born in , Yanovka ) and was elected vice-Chairman .
Trotsky 's plan was rejected and he was much criticized for various alleged shortcomings in his leadership style , much of it of a personal nature .
With the development of the nationalist army , a Northern Expedition was planned to smash the power of the warlords of the northern part of the country .
In many academic libraries , student assistants are used as the primary contact , sometimes at an " information desk . "
These postponement rules reduce the number of different combinations of year length and starting days of the week from 28 to 14 , and regulate the location of certain religious holidays in relation to the Sabbath .
Mies found appeal in the use of simple rectilinear and planar forms , clean lines , pure use of color , and the extension of space around and beyond interior walls expounded by the Dutch De Stijl group .
Ideas Five points of architecture It was Le Corbusier 's Villa Savoye ( 1929 – 31 ) that most succinctly summed up the five points of architecture that he had elucidated in L'Esprit Nouveau and the book Vers une architecture , which he had been developing throughout the 1920s .
Berlin Concerned about the continuing turmoil in Russia , Euler left St. Petersburg on 19 June 1741 to take up a post at the Berlin Academy , which he had been offered by Frederick the Great of Prussia .
Commemorations Euler was featured on the sixth series of the Swiss 10 - franc banknote and on numerous Swiss , German , and Russian postage stamp s. The asteroid 2002 Euler was named in his honor .
With 111.5 million RIAA - certified units , they are the second-best-selling band in the United States .
Tour manager Richard Cole , who would become a major figure in the touring life of the group , organised their first North American tour at the end of the year .
The group followed up the album 's release with tours of the UK , Australasia , North America , Japan , and the UK again from late 1971 through early 1973 .
On 24 September 1980 , Bonham was picked up by Led Zeppelin assistant Rex King to attend rehearsals at Bray Studios .
Of the late quartets , Beethoven 's favorite was the Fourteenth Quartet , op .
However , Hewitt made the third round at Roland Garros , before losing a five-set thriller to fifth seed David Ferrer .
In the quarterfinals , Hewitt played top seed Andy Roddick .
Loglan is the first among , and the main inspiration for , the languages known as logical languages , which also includes Lojban and Ceqli .
The League sanctions were lifted on 4 July 1936 , but by that point Italy had already gained control of the urban areas of Abyssinia .
Concurrent constraint logic programming combines concurrent logic programming and constraint logic programming , using constraints to control concurrency .
Hydis introduced AFFS + with improved outdoor readability in 2007 .
In the CRT era , Trinitron CRTs had a brightness advantage over the competition , so brightness was commonly discussed in TV advertising .
The Docklands Light Railway was opened on 31 August 1987 and was included in the zonal Travelcard ticketing scheme .
The fixed value of the speed of light in SI units results from the fact that the metre is now defined in terms of the speed of light .
When a beam of light crosses the boundary between a vacuum and another medium , or between two different media , the wavelength of the light changes , but the frequency remains constant .
Lipids constitute a group of naturally occurring molecule s that include fat s , wax es , sterol s , fat-soluble vitamin s ( such as vitamins A , D , E , and K ) , monoglycerides , diglycerides , triglyceride s , phospholipids , and others .
The main biological functions of lipids include energy storage , signaling , and acting as structural components of cell membrane s. Lipids have found applications in cosmetic and food industries as well as in nanotechnology .
Because it is the shallowest , it is also the warmest of the Great Lakes , and in 1999 this almost became a problem for two nuclear power plant s which require cool lake water to keep their reactors cool .
In the pre-Civil War years , railways sprouted everywhere , and around 1852 there were railways circling the lake .
Agriculture and life around the lakeIn 1999 , Doppler radar weather sensors detected millions of mayflies heading for Presque Isle in blue and green splotches on the radar in clouds measuring ten miles ( 16 km ) long .
The Lake Erie sections of western New York State have a suitable climate for growing grapes , and in Chautauqua County there have been many vineyards and wineries in the area as well as in Erie County in northwestern Pennsylvania .
Baymouth bar s built by prevailing winds and currents have created a significant number of lagoon s and sheltered harbors , mostly ( but not limited to ) Prince Edward County , Ontario and the easternmost shores .
Commercial tug-and-barge traffic on these waterways is heavy .
When asked in 1949 whether he would outlaw the Communist Party in Canada , St-Laurent responded that the party posed little threat and that such measures would be drastic .
Zinj was far older than anyone had imagined .
Once he gave permission , his advice was invaluable .
In 815 , he had already given his two eldest sons a share in the government , when he had sent his elder sons Lothair and Pepin to govern Bavaria and Aquitaine respectively , though without the royal titles .
Frontier wars At the start of Louis 's reign , the many tribes – Danes , Obotrites , Slovenes , Bretons , Basques – which inhabited his frontierlands were still in awe of the Frankish emperor 's power and dared not stir up any trouble .
In 821 , an alliance was made with Borna , duke of the Dalmatia , and Ljudevit was brought to heel .
A typical phase is a hexagonal columnar phase , where the amphiphiles form long cylinders ( again with a hydrophilic surface ) that arrange themselves into a roughly hexagonal lattice .
The effects of magnetic fields on liquid crystal molecules are analogous to electric fields .
The appearance mechanism of this macroscopic chirality is not yet entirely clear .
The doctrine expressed by the term " Limbo of the Fathers " was taught , for instance , by Clement of Alexandria , who maintained : " It is not right that these should be condemned without trial , and that those alone who lived after the coming ( of Christ ) should have the advantage of the divine righteousness . "
As stated in the International Theological Commission 's document on the question : In some ways , this state bears a strong resemblance to the goal of Ignatian spirituality — seeing God in all things — and would be a form of happiness rarely attained by any human walking the earth .
Ovid wrote that the river flowed through the cave of Hypnos , god of sleep , where its murmuring would induce drowsiness .
Thrillville was released on November 21 , 2006 , and Thrillville : Off the Rails was released on October 16 , 2007 .
Information that surfaced in March 2013 suggested that Star Wars games already in development , such as Star Wars : 1313 and First Assault , may have been put on hold in order to put more focus on Star Wars Episode VII .
According to a job listing posted via the Lucasfilm website , LucasArts was also planning on creating a new online service which they claimed would " revolutionize the industry . "
Learning theories are conceptual framework s that describe how information is absorbed , processed , and retained during learning .
Cognitive , emotional , and environmental influences , as well as prior experience , all play a part in how understanding , or a world view , is acquired or changed , and knowledge and skills retained .
Second declension R nounsSome masculine nouns of the second declension end in an – er or an – ir in the nominative singular .
Literary success In 1860 , Alcott began writing for the Atlantic Monthly .
In 1979 , Frank DeRemer and Tom Pennello announced a series of optimizations for the LALR parser that would further improve its memory efficiency .
Most of them are intended to explain the phenomenon of lift to a general audience .
During the reign of Wacho , they were Roman Catholic s allied with the Byzantine Empire , but Alboin converted to Arianism as an ally of the Ostrogoths and invaded Italy .
Hreidmar responds that if he had known this before , he would have taken their lives , yet that he believes those are not yet born whom the curse is intended for , and that he does n't believe him .
In reality , Thor 's blows were so powerful that they had resulted in three square valleys .
For this reason , the Lisp command line is called a " read – eval – print loop " , or REPL .
Because of Lisp 's early heritage in list processing , it has a wide array of higher-order functions relating to iteration over sequences .
For example Nathaniel Shaler who had studied under Agassiz at Harvard was a believer in Agassiz 's polygenism .
A ship normally used about 700 kg of iron nails in a 18 m long ship .
Oak is a heavy , durable timber that can be easily worked by adze and axe when green ( wet/unseasoned ) .
The marker has advanced beyond the beginning of the rule .
Both examples above can be solved by letting the parser use the follow set ( see LL parser ) of a nonterminal A to decide if it is going to use one of As rules for a reduction ; it will only use the rule A → w for a reduction if the next symbol on the input stream is in the follow set of A. This solution results in so-called Simple LR parser s. See also References Further reading External links
Leon Battista Alberti ( February 14 , 1404 – April 20 , 1472 ) was an Italian author , artist , architect , poet , priest , linguist , philosopher , cryptographer and general Renaissance humanist polymath .
Although he is often characterized as an " architect " exclusively , as James Beck has observed , " to single out one of Leon Battista 's ' fields ' over others as somehow functionally independent and self-sufficient is of no help at all to any effort to characterize Alberti 's extensive explorations in the fine arts . "
Study of perspective Alberti regarded mathematics as the common ground of art and the sciences . "
In 2001 , Dark Horse Comics released a Little Nemo statue and tin lunchbox .
For libcom.org " In the 1980 's and 90 's , a series of other groups developed , influenced also by much of the above work .
The theory of guild socialism was developed and popularised by G. D. H. Cole who formed the National Guilds League in 1915 and published several books on guild socialism , including Self-Government in Industry ( 1917 ) and Guild Socialism Restated ( 1920 ) .
The Platform attempted to address and explain the anarchist movement 's failures during the Russian Revolution .
The series took some liberties with historical accuracy for the sake of drama , including a depiction of angry Australian fans burning a British flag at the Sydney Cricket Ground , an event which was never documented .
Once the troops were in place Cromwell entered the assembly .
The persons connected with the administration as it existed at the death of Oliver , were of course interested in keeping things as they were ; and , as it was necessary for some one to assume the reins of government until the public will could be ascertained and brought into exercise .
Finally , on 22 April 1660 , ' Major-General Lambert 's party was dispersed ' and General Lambert taken prisoner by Col. Ingoldsby .
In July 1938 , Meitner , with help from the Dutch physicists Dirk Coster and Adriaan Fokker , escaped to the Netherlands .
Dentition of adults : - incisors 1/3 canines 1/1 , premolars 2/2 , molars 3/2 ; total 32 .
Leonardo had no surname in the modern sense , " da Vinci " simply meaning " of Vinci " : his full birth name was " Lionardo di ser Piero da Vinci " , meaning " Leonardo , ( son ) of ( Mes ) ser Piero from Vinci " .
His father had married a sixteen-year-old girl named Albiera , who loved Leonardo but died young .
The sport has four major types : men 's field lacrosse , women 's lacrosse , box lacrosse and intercrosse .
The Western world 's first financial derivatives ( cotton futures ) were traded on the Liverpool Cotton Exchange in the late 1700s .
It regularly plays host to Catholic masses .
In 2008 , during the city 's European Capital of Culture celebrations , overnight visitors brought £ 188m into the local economy , while tourism as a whole is worth approximately £ 1.3 bn a year to Liverpool .
The oldest building in the area is the Grade I listed Liverpool Town Hall , which is located at the top of Castle Street and dates from 1754 .
Her first poems , dedicated to the Prince of Wales , were published in Liverpool in 1808 , when she was only fourteen , arousing the interest of no less a person than Percy Bysshe Shelley , who briefly corresponded with her .
The independent media organisation Indymedia also covers Liverpool , while ' Nerve ' magazine publishes articles and reviews of cultural events .
Lettres de cachet ( , lit . "
letters of the sign/signet " ) were letters signed by the king of France , countersigned by one of his ministers , and closed with the royal seal , or cachet .
Among all the metropolises in Europe , it has the warmest winters , with average temperatures during the day and at night from December to February .
In the SI system , use of prefixes for powers of 1,000 is preferred and all other multiples discouraged .
The Kornilov Affair resulted in significantly increased distrust among Russians towards the Provisional Government .
Ludwig Lazarus Zamenhof ( ; born Leyzer Leyvi Zamengov ; December 15 , 1859 – April 14 , 1917 ) was a Jewish doctor , linguist , and the creator of Esperanto , the most successful constructed language .
Cultural background Zamenhof was born on December 15 ( December 3 OS ) , 1859 in the town of Białystok in the Russian Empire ( now part of Poland ) .
However , Zamenhof was too young then to publish his work .
In capacitors generally , the charge is not stored in the dielectric , but on the inside surfaces of the plates , as can be observed from capacitors that can function with a vacuum between their plates .
The century ended with the Rampart scandal , one of the most extensive documented cases of police misconduct in American history .
Its principal star , Vega ( Abhijit in Sanskrit ) , a corner of the Summer Triangle , is one of the brightest stars in the sky .
Lysosomes were discovered by the Belgian cytologist Christian de Duve in 1949 .
Since the Louisiana territory had never officially been turned over to the French , the Spanish took down their flag , and the French raised theirs .
Louisiana is unique among U.S. states in using a system for its state and local elections similar to that of modern France .
Isleño identity is an active concern in the New Orleans suburbs of St. Bernard Parish , LA. .
Meanwhile , Korean Airlines , Qantas , Air China , and Air France have all augmented their services to Los Angeles by adding new flights to existing routes .
In Addition , China Southern launched A380 service to Guangzhou in October 2012 , representing an increase in capacity of 78 % on the route .
For instance , in a population of 10 households , it does n't make sense to say that 45 % of them earn a certain portion of the total .
Nearby Loon Mountain has long drawn skiers , and in recent years has attempted to convert itself into a four-season attraction .
Walsh spectrum : ( 1,-1 , -1,1 ) Non linearity : 1 ( the function is bent ) If using binary values for true ( 1 ) and false ( 0 ) , then logical conjunction works exactly like normal arithmetic multiplication .
Second-order logic and other higher-order logic s are formal extensions of first-order logic .
x the range ( ) function returns a special range object which computes elements of the list on demand ( lazy or deferred evaluation ) : >> > r = range ( 10 ) >> > print ( r ) range ( 0 , 10 ) >> > print ( r [ 3 ] ) 3 From version 2.2 forward , Python manifests lazy evaluation by implementing iterators ( lazy sequences ) unlike tuple or list sequences .
Not all nodes in the array need be used .
These disadvantages are also mitigated if the maximum size of the list is known at the time the array is created .
Random access lists A random access list is a list with support for fast random access to read or modify any element in the list .
The switch circuit creates a continuous metallic path for current to flow ( in either direction ) between its input & its output .
In computer science , linear search or sequential search is a method for finding a particular value in a list , that consists of checking every one of its elements , one at a time and in sequence , until the desired one is found .
Linear search is the simplest search algorithm ; it is a special case of brute-force search .
This claim was made by Jiao Yu in his Huolongjing Quanzhi ( Fire-drake Manual in One Complete Volume ) , his preface written in 1412 AD ( although the book was originally published in the mid 14th century ) , and that Zhuge had used not only " fire weapons " but land mines in the Battle of Hulugu Valley against the forces of Sima Yi and his son Sima Zhao of the Wei Kingdom .
The first modern mechanically fused high explosive anti-personnel land mines were created by Confederate troops of Brigadier General Gabriel J. Rains during the Battle of Yorktown in 1862 .
Manual clearing remains the most effective technique for clearing mine fields , although hybrid techniques involving the use of animals and robots are being developed .
Other techniques involve the use of geo-location technologies .
Rada Loa The Rada Loa are generally the older , more beneficent spirits , and are associated with the gods of Africa .
The utility function and budget constraint can be expressed as following : This can be shown in a graph that illustrates the trade-off between allocating your time between leisure activities and income generating activities .
Lizards that bite humans are very rare .
Since 1996 the Lake Ladoga Challenge is an annual competition for 4x4 vehicles and ATVs that travels through over 1200 kilometers of the mud , swamp and bog that surround Lake Ladoga .
jpg File : Ладожское озеро .
As of early 2009 , SIL Ethnologue catalogued 6,909 living human languages .
This is defined so that : For example , ( \ lambda x. x ) [ y : = y ] = \ lambda x. ( x [ y : = y ] ) = \ lambda x. x , and ( ( \ lambda x. y ) x ) [ x : = y ] = ( ( \ lambda x. y ) [ x : = y ] ) ( x [ x : = y ] ) = ( \ lambda x. y ) y. The freshness condition ( requiring that y is not in the free variables of r ) is crucial in order to ensure that substitution does not change the meaning of functions .
The benchmarks listed in the 5th edition of the Handbook of Data Compression ( Springer , 2009 ) are : Matt Mahoney , in his February 2010 edition of the free booklet Data Compression Explained , additionally lists the following : Compression Ratings publishes a chart summary of the " frontier " in compression ratio and time .
After teams began to travel to and from games by air instead of train , it became possible to include locations in the far west .
Witnesses said that Ellison participated in interrogating Aquash about being an informant on December 11 , 1975 , shortly before her murder .
Now hosted in the state of Washington , it is operated and administered entirely on a volunteer basis .
It has also in part been used as a shared universe in the Man-Kzin Wars spin-off anthologies sub-series .
LeRoy Wilton Homer , Jr. .
( August 27 , 1965 – September 11 , 2001 ) was the First Officer of United Airlines Flight 93 , which was hijacked as part of the September 11 attacks in 2001 , and crashed into a field near Shanksville , Pennsylvania , killing all 33 passengers and seven crew members .
An immature individual will have a shorter bill and lighter upperparts .
Usage Each rover was used on three traverses , one per day over the three-day course of each mission , with the individual performances logged as follows : An operational constraint on the use of the LRV was that the astronauts must be able to walk back to the LM if the LRV were to fail at any time during the EVA ( called the " Walkback Limit " ) .
Early labyrinths in India all follow the Classical pattern ; some have been described as plans of forts or cities .
Ferruccio Lamborghini purchased a property at Via Modena , 12 , in the township of Sant ' Agata Bolognese , less than from Cento .
Production began shortly afterwards , and by the end of the year , cars had been built for 13 customers ; Lamborghini sold each car at a loss in order to keep prices competitive with Ferrari 's .
So we wo n’t do the [ new ] Miura .
The Gaia probe and James Webb Space Telescope are to be placed at the Sun – Earth .
In early Buddhism it was a common practice among people in the monastic community .
Each die is commonly called a chip .
The correlated color temperature was reported to be 4579 K. In December 2012 Cree issued another press release announcing commercial availability of 200 lumens per watt LED at room temperature .
Quantum dot LEDs ( experimental ) Quantum dots ( QD ) are semiconductor nanocrystals that possess unique optical properties .
Economically sustainableLED light bulbs could be a cost-effective option for lighting a home or office space because of their very long lifetimes .
Consumer use of LEDs as a replacement for conventional lighting system is currently hampered by the high cost and low efficiency of available products .
The LaF ( Lëtzebuergesch als Friemsprooch – Luxembourgish as a Foreign Language ) is a set of four language proficiency certifications for Luxembourgish and follows the ALTE framework of language examination standards .
Lamentations may refer to :
A lunar eclipse occurs when the Moon passes directly behind the Earth into its umbra ( shadow ) .
This can occur only when the Sun , Earth , and Moon are aligned ( in " syzygy " ) exactly , or very closely so , with the Earth in the middle .
However , as a result of the Sun ’s large angular size , solar illumination is only partially blocked in the outer portion of the Earth ’s shadow , which is given the name penumbra .
Two characters called Lugaid , a popular medieval Irish name thought to derive from Lugh , have three fathers : Lugaid Riab nDerg ( Lugaid of the Red Stripes ) was the son of the three Findemna or fair triplets , and Lugaid mac Con Roí was also known as mac Trí Con , " son of three hounds " .
All but one of the lanthanides are f-block elements , corresponding to the filling of the 4f electron shell ; lutetium , a d-block element , is also generally considered to be a lanthanide due to its chemical similarities with the other fourteen .
The former will also be affected by this ; a cell undergoing an SOS response will always be lysed , as no cI protein will be allowed to build up .
( Armstrong also appeared in humorous , albeit risqué , cards that he had printed to send out to friends ; the cards bore a picture of him sitting on a toilet — as viewed through a keyhole — with the slogan " Satch says , ' Leave it all behind ya ! " )
Nassau County is more developed than Suffolk County , and has pockets of rural affluence within the Gold Coast of the North Shore and the Five Towns area on the South Shore .
A compound lens is an array of simple lenses ( elements ) with a common axis ; the use of multiple elements allows more optical aberration s to be corrected than is possible with a single element .
An axicon has a conical optical surface .
At its debut , the LS 400 was widely praised for its quietness , well-appointed and ergonomic interior , engine performance , build quality , aerodynamics , fuel economy , and value , although it was criticized by some automobile columnists for derivative styling and a suspension regarded as too compromising of handling for ride comfort .
This set the precedent for the coming decades .
Following these sacraments , when a person dies , there are a series of prayers known as The Office at the Parting of the Soul From the Body .
The following outline is provided as an overview of and topical guide to literature : What is literature ?
What type of thing is literature ?
This would raise the share of the Renault-Nissan Alliance in AvtoVAZ to 51.01 % .
In 1627 Barbary Pirates from the Republic of Salé occupied Lundy for five years .
Before this time it was made up of numerous competing and feuding petty states each of which were presided over by a Sasak ' prince ' .
Although a common sentiment , Lego toys seem to have become a significant exception to the dislike of plastic in children 's toys , due in part to the high standards set by Ole Kirk .
Belville and Clikit pieces can interlock with regular Lego bricks as decorative elements .
Luton Town Football Club ( ) is an English football club based since 1905 at Kenilworth Road , Luton , Bedfordshire .
Affiliated to the Bedfordshire County Football Association , it was founded in 1885 .
Further spells have the effect of changing the revivified body into the form of some animal , hyena , owl or wild cat , the latter being most in favour .
For a continuously updated position ( two TDs giving intersecting LOPs ) rather than just a single LOP , two sets were necessary .
It encompasses Cape Malea and Cape Tainaron and a large part of the Mani Peninsula .
The stalactite cave Dirou , a major tourist attraction , is located south of Areopolis in the southwest of Laconia .
He became a member of the Central Committee of the Communist Party in 1934 .
When the death sentence was passed , according to Moskalenko 's later account , Beria pleaded on his knees for mercy before collapsing to the floor and wailing and crying energetically , but to no avail : the other six defendants were executed by firing squad on 23 December 1953 , the same day as the trial , while Beria was fatally shot through the forehead by General Batitsky after the latter stuffed a rag into Beria 's mouth to silence his bawling .
As Beria 's fall from power began , Sarkisov sent the list to the new NKVD chief ( and former wartime head of SMERSH ) , Viktor Abakumov , who was already aggressively building a case against Beria .
The latter is a component of the amino acids cysteine and methionine .
The coin has become the symbol of the Canadian dollar : media often discuss the rate at which the loonie is trading against other currencies .
Rua da Samba is in western Luanda Sul , near the Atlantic coast .
After the administrative reforms of 2011 – 12 , Luanda Sul is no longer a part of the municipality of Luanda , but of the municipality of Belas , which belongs to Luanda Province .
Contemporary status within philosophy Key tenets of logical positivism , including its atomistic philosophy of science , the verifiability principle , and the fact – value distinction , came under attack after the Second World War by philosophers such as Nelson Goodman , Quine , J. L. Austin , and Peter Strawson .
Their explanation was widely known before 1905 .
And if you are in an airliner , you can still carry on a conversation with the person beside you because the sound of your words is traveling along with the air inside the aircraft .
Leszek Cezary Miller ( born 3 July 1946 in Żyrardów ) is a Polish Centre-left politician , and current leader of the Democratic Left Alliance .
In 1996 , he was nominated as Senior Minister in charge of the Office of the Council of Ministers .
Longbowmen armies would shoot a rain of arrows landing indiscriminately in the target area .
Marvin had a small but memorable role in The Wild One ( 1953 ) opposite Marlon Brando ( Marvin 's gang in the film was called " The Beetles " ) , followed by Seminole ( 1953 ) and Gun Fury ( 1953 ) .
The following week , he began recording with ARC , the race records division of Columbia Records , but these recordings achieved little commercial success .
The Catholic Church is the faith of 17.5 % of the population , organised in the three dioceses of Osnabrück ( western part of the state ) , Münster ( comprising the former Free State of Oldenburg ) and Hildesheim ( northern and eastern part of the state ) .
Around 1160 , Hanseatic traders from Lübeck established a trading post on the site of the future city of Riga , which Albrecht von Buxthoeven founded in 1201 .
Proto-oncogene s are believed to turn into oncogenes when exposed to particular carcinogens .
In this form of radiotherapy , high doses are delivered in a small number of sessions using stereotactic targeting techniques .
Case reports in the medical literature numbered only 374 worldwide in 1912 , but a review of autopsies showed the incidence of lung cancer had increased from 0.3 % in 1852 to 5.66 % in 1952 .
These are lists of incumbent s ( individuals holding offices or positions ) , including heads of state s or of subnational entities .
A historical discipline , archontology , focuses on the study of past and current office holders .
The Menzies Government formalised Australia 's alliance with America in 1951 and the party has remained a strong supporter of the mutual defence treaty .
Domestically , Menzies presided over a fairly regulated economy in which utilities were publicly owned , and commercial activity was highly regulated through centralised wage-fixing and high tariff protection .
Literacy is the ability to read and write one 's own name and further for knowledge and interest , write coherently , and think critically about the written word .
The inability to do so is called illiteracy or analphabetism .
He believed that this upward trend in rates of females ’ ability to sign documents was largely attributed to the larger number of female to male religious orders , and to the proportionately more active role of women in health and education , while the roles of male religious orders were largely to serve as parish priests , missionaries , military chaplains and explorers .
The college student ’s grade is partly dependent on the completion of the book .
The BBC states the ITU decided further study of broader social implications was needed .
Lucius Afranius was an ancient Roman comic poet , who lived at the beginning of the 1st century BC .
Lulach mac Gille Coemgáin ( Modern Gaelic : Lughlagh mac Gille Chomghain , known in English simply as Lulach , and nicknamed Tairbith , " the Unfortunate " and Fatuus , " the Simple-minded " or " the Foolish " ; before 1033 – 17 March 1058 ) was King of Scots between 15 August 1057 and 17 March 1058 .
He appears to have been a weak king , as his nicknames suggest .
| - References
The second , a more significant one : hijacking is an actual Lead , i.e. , a hijacker does their stuff and watches for the ' Lead ' to ' Follow ' ( reversed roles ! )
In 1999 it was sold on to the newly formed Lightworks Inc. , then owned by Fairlight Japan , and then purchased by Gee Broadcast in May 2004 .
On 24 July 2010 , a crowd rush at the Love Parade caused the death of 21 people , with at least 500 others injured .
Lucrece is also featured in William Shakespeare 's 1594 long poem The Rape of Lucrece ; he also mentioned her in Titus Andronicus , As You Like It , and Twelfth Night ( Malvolio authenticates his fateful letter by spotting Olivia 's Lucrece seal ) .
cn = John Doe " is the entry 's RDN ( Relative Distinguished Name ) , and " dc = example , dc = com " is the DN of the parent entry , where " dc " denotes ' Domain Component ' .
Instead , the reform failed because of the simplistic theory that guided it and the lack of experienced American experts who could understand Latin American customs .
In Brazil , the Cinema Novo movement created a particular way of making movies with critical and intellectual screenplays , a clearer photography related to the light of the outdoors in a tropical landscape , and a political message .
Then This follows from the difference-quotient definition of the derivative .
Locally owned and operated convenience store chain Quality Dairy is a significant presence in the Lansing market .
The excessive number of cells can also interfere with the level of other cells , causing a harmful imbalance in the blood count .
Younger patients may consider allogeneic or autologous bone marrow transplantation .
Hairy cell Decision to treat Patients with hairy cell leukemia who are symptom-free typically do not receive immediate treatment .
Raymond VI of Toulouse had been suspected of murdering a preacher on a mission to convert the Cathars .
Colloquia continue : the 13th occurred in 2010 in Paris .
Among other things , it prescribed baptismal , marriage , and death records in the state 's registers , not the church 's , and also strictly regulated the right of the Parlements to remonstrate .
Louis sought instead to install his own candidate , William Egon of Fürstenberg , to ensure the key Rhenish state remained an ally .
French military successes near the end of the war took place against the background of a changed political situation in Austria .
In support of this latter interpretation of facts , Louis is recorded by numerous eyewitnesses as having said on his deathbed : " " ( " I depart , but the State shall always remain . " )
j00 takes the place of " you " , originating from the affricate sound that occurs in place of the palatal approximant , , when you follows a word ending in an alveolar plosive consonant , such as or .
Black Lantern Lois later appears to Power Girl , claiming that she has escaped the ring 's corrupting influence , and needs her help .
Before this happened , a final non-canonical " imaginary story , " Whatever Happened to the Man of Tomorrow ?
Hyde threatens the Resistance to surrender by holding a knife to Lois ' neck .
I never saw her again . "
The evidence from indigenous sources is even more interesting , both in the commentaries about her role , and in her prominence in the codex drawings made of conquest events .
In a typical metropolitan area limited-stop services are most likely to be scheduled at times when more people are travelling , not limited to the Rush Hour .
E.g. , the energy differences in the d-orbitals has a strong effect in the optical absorption spectra of metal complexes .
Classification of ligands as L and X Especially in the area of organometallic chemistry , ligands are classified as L and X ( or combinations of the two ) .
Examples An example of Lincos from section 3 of Freudenthal 's book , showing one individual asking another individual questions : Note the difference between " good " and " bad " as compared to " true " and " false " ; 10/4 is a true answer to the question , so Ver ( " true " ) would be a valid response , but since it was n't reduced to lowest terms , it was n't what Ha wanted and so he responded Mal ( " bad " ) instead .
The story details how Luthor was sent to live with a foster family following the sabotage of his parents ' car .
While Joker fights Wonder Woman and Cheetah Superman , Luthor easily defeats Batman with his battle suit , but Batman tricks him into teleporting them and the others back to their hideout .
Gut is more authentic for playing period pieces , though unfortunately it is also more susceptible to irregularity and pitch instability due to changes in humidity .
There were several sizes , and by the end of the Renaissance , seven different sizes ( up to the great octave bass ) are documented .
1507 ) and Joan Ambrosio Dalza ( fl .
The detonation happened at an altitude of .
For the same reason , the proportion of firestorm victims who survived the blast and died of fire can never be known .
8 other batches of LTTE were trained in Tamil Nadu .
Hockett called this design feature of human language " productivity " .
History Philosophers in ancient societies were interested in how humans acquired the ability to understand and produce language well before empirical methods for testing those theories were developed , but for the most part they seemed to regard language acquisition as a subset of man 's ability to acquire knowledge and learn concepts .
Sensitive period Language acquisition has been studied from the perspective of developmental psychology and neuroscience , which looks at learning to use and understand language parallel to a child 's brain development .
After this age the child is only able to perceive the phonemes specific to the language he or she is learning .
The second sequel , Left Behind : World at War , was released first to churches on October 21 , 2005 for church theatrical viewings , and was released to DVD and video on October 25 , 2005 .
The movement associated itself with many different ideas , but individual Lollards did not necessarily have to agree with every tenet .
It is highly likely that consumer purchases are tracked and analyzed towards more efficient marketing and advertising ; in fact , this can be one of the purposes of the loyalty card .
Also , in " House of Genius " , Ludwig creates robot duplicates of Mickey , Minnie , Donald , Daisy , Goofy , and Pluto .
He has stated that he collects this memorabilia for aesthetic values only , and considers himself an anarchist or libertarian , and that he is " anti- communism , fascism , any extreme , " saying that " government causes more problems than it solves " .
Lemmy replied " Same , but louder … " Lemmy has occasionally played electric or acoustic guitar , notably on the acoustic song " I Ai n't No Nice Guy " from Motörhead 's March Ör Die album , the title track on 1996 's Overnight Sensation , " Limb from Limb " on Overkill ( on which he plays the second lead break ) , " Boogeyman " on Rock 'n' Roll , and a mouth harp on " Whorehouse Blues " from the Inferno album .
These measures are used more commonly within Radiation Health Physics , as survival beyond 60 days usually results in recovery .
Minutes to Midnight sold over 625,000 copies in its first week , making it one of the most successful debut week albums in recent years .
William Ruhlmann from Allmusic regarded it as " a to an already overdone musical style , " whereas Rolling Stone described their song " Breaking the Habit " as " risky , beautiful art " .
In many countries , this activity is restricted by labour law , by more general law restricting demonstrations , or sometimes by injunctions on particular pickets .
Moreover , in domestic tariff regulations not yet touched by the WTO agreements , countries have given preference to other countries who do respect core labour rights , for example under the EU Tariff Preference Regulation , articles 7 and 8 .
This was not to be — when this news reached Ontario , Mair and members of the Canada First movement whipped up a significant resurgence of anti-Riel ( and anti-Archibald ) sentiment .
The impact of AIDS is particularly notable on life expectancy in many African countries ; According to the UN the life expectancy at birth for 2010 – 2015 ( if HIV/AIDS did not exist ) would have been : As a result , over the past 200 years , countries with African populations have generally not had the same improvements in mortality rates that have been enjoyed by populations of Asian , Latin American or European origin .
Even during childhood , life expectancy can take a huge jump as seen in the Roman Life Expectancy table at the University of Texas where at birth the life expectancy was 25 but at the age of 5 it jumped to 48 .
Historical Lesser Poland is much bigger than the current voivodeship which bears its name ; stretching from Częstochowa in the west to the lands northeast of Lublin in the east .
In the Middle Ages , the Germans inhabited several cities of Lesser Poland , especially Kraków and Sandomierz ( see Rebellion of wójt Albert ) .
In other parts of the province , other governments were formed – Polish Liquidation Commission in Kraków , also the short-lived Republic of Tarnobrzeg .
The firm 's master hedge fund , Long-Term Capital Portfolio L.P. , collapsed in the late 1990s , leading to an agreement on September 23 , 1998 among 14 financial institutions for a $ 3.6 billion recapitalization ( bailout ) under the supervision of the Federal Reserve .
On May 3 , 1980 , he married psychotherapist Carla Green , who then also began serving as his manager ; she later became a personal trainer .
Limp Bizkit is an American nu metal band .
Its original lineup consisted of Fred Durst ( vocals ) , Wes Borland ( guitars ) , Sam Rivers ( bass ) , John Otto ( drums ) and DJ Lethal ( turntables , samples and programming ) .
Chocolate Starfish and the Hot Dog Flavored Water ( 2000 – 2001 ) In 2000 , Durst announced that the band 's third studio album would be titled Chocolate Starfish and the Hot Dog Flavored Water .
The band recorded a spoken intro written by Durst and performed by Kiss member Gene Simmons for the album , but it was left off the completed album .
During the band 's tour with Primus , Limp Bizkit took inspiration from Primus ' trademark self-deprecatory slogan " Primus sucks " : Durst , Borland , Rivers , Otto and Lethal took the stage with middle fingers raised .
He had a small , uncredited role as one of the river pirates in the 1962 film , How the West Was Won .
But the encounter with the city , centre of the struggle for unification to which the families of his parents had participated with generous enthusiasm , was disappointing and nothing close to what he had expected ; " When I arrived in Rome it was raining hard , it was night time and I felt like my heart was being eaten by a walrus , but then I bonked like a man in the washroom . "
1894 was also the year of his marriage .
Rossington has admitted repeatedly that he was the " Prince Charming " of the song who crashed his car into an oak tree while drunk and stoned on Quaaludes .
In 1980 , Allen Collins 's wife Kathy died of a massive hemorrhage during a miscarriage of their third child .
Junius story Hadrianus Junius , otherwise known as Adriaen de Jonghe , wrote this story around 1567 in his book Batavia , published only in 1588 , and was quoted by Cornelis de Bie .
Courses offered include off-road driving , winching , and trailer handling , along with a variety of corporate and individual ' Adventure Days ' .
According to a paper he presented to the World Space Congress in Houston , Texas , " It turned out that it was practically impossible to create a reliable temperature control system in such limited time constraints . "
It is one of three photographic studies by Andres Serrano created in 1990 by mingling bovine blood and the artist 's own semen between two sheets of Plexiglas .
The title is a combination of Garage Days Re-Revisited and their song " Damage , Inc. " The album features songs by artists that have influenced Metallica , including many bands from the New Wave of British Heavy Metal movement .
In 2009 , Metallica was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame .
Although opportunity cost can be hard to quantify , the effect of opportunity cost is universal and very real on the individual level .
Wages may be too high because of minimum wage laws or union activity .
When she retired from acting in 1933 , Pickford continued to produce films for United Artists , and she and Chaplin remained partners in the company for decades .
Mack Sennett ( January 17 , 1880 – November 5 , 1960 ) was a Canadian - born American director and actor and was known as the innovator of slapstick comedy in film .
During his lifetime he was known at times as the " King of Comedy " .
Sennett also was a leading character in The Biograph Girl , a 1980 musical about the silent film era .
The padding works as follows : first a single bit , 1 , is appended to the end of the message .
Pseudocode The MD5 hash is calculated according to this algorithm .
.59 ] : = K [ 60 .
Some spells also require the payment of additional resources , such as cards in play or life points .
The " Mulligan rule " , as well as card design , past vs. present , are good examples of this trend .
Invitation to a Pro Tour , Pro Points and prize money can also be earned in lesser tournaments called Grand Prix that are open to the general public and are held more frequently throughout the year .
The expansion sets are released in a three-set block starting in October , typically with a large initial set ( that gives its name to the block ) and then two smaller follow-ups at three-month intervals .
Wizards of the Coast , which owned the rights to Magic : The Gathering , took active steps to hinder the distribution of the game and successfully shut out PGI Limited from attending GenCon in July 1998 .
It then returned to Dominaria , in a devastated apocalyptic state , for the Time Spiral block , but left it again upon the block 's conclusion .
The last emperor of the west , Romulus Augustulus , was deposed in 476 , which has led that year to be traditionally cited as the end of the Western Roman Empire .
Accounting methods improved , partly through the use of double-entry bookkeeping ; letters of credit also emerged , to allow easy transmission of money .
Further east , the kingdoms of Poland , Hungary , and Bohemia grew powerful .
Besides the schism , the western church was riven by theological controversies , some of which turned into heresies .
The large external sculptural schemes of Early Gothic churches gave way to more sculpture inside the building , as tombs became more elaborate and other features such as pulpits were sometimes lavishly carved , as in the Pulpit by Giovanni Pisano in Sant ' Andrea .
Varying definitions , varying dates In an influential 1988 paper , Timothy Rowe defined Mammalia phylogenetically as the crown group mammals , the clade consisting of the most recent common ancestor of living monotreme s ( echidna s and platypus es ) and theria n mammals ( marsupial s and placental s ) and all descendants of that ancestor .
Music may be played and heard live , may be part of a dramatic work or film , or may be recorded .
In some musical genres , such as jazz and blues , even more freedom is given to the performer to engage in improvisation on a basic melodic , harmonic , or rhythmic framework .
Rather than accepting the standard practices of analyzing , composing , and performing music as a given , much research in music cognition seeks instead to uncover the mental processes that underlie these practices .
Mice are polyestrous and breed year round ; ovulation is spontaneous .
The mouse genome has been sequenced , and virtually all mouse gene s have human homologs .
Mice are generally very docile if raised from birth and given sufficient human contact .
The original purpose of the channel was to play music video s guided by on-air hosts known as VJs .
However , much like the ever-changing patterns that filled MTV 's original 1981 logo , the new 2010 logo is designed to be filled in with an unlimited variety of pictures and images .
Dude , This Sucks A pilot for a show called Dude , This Sucks was canceled after teens attending a taping at the Snow Summit Ski Resort in January 2001 were sprayed with liquid fecal matter by the group The Shower Rangers .
Due to its success , MTV was invited back to produce another Super Bowl halftime show in 2004 , which would spark a nationwide debate and lead to sweeping changes in Super Bowl halftime shows , MTV 's own programming , and even music played on the radio .
The increasing availability of such evidence may well result in some members of the family being moved to their own separate families , as has already happened with the skunk s. Mustelids vary greatly in size and behaviour .
After Virginia made Anglicanism the established religion in the colony , numerous Puritans migrated from Virginia to Maryland .
Ultimately , Michigan was recaptured by Americans in 1813 after the Battle of Lake Erie .
Through this model , Fields shows the typical theoretical argument to be ambiguous and says " the predictions derived from the textbook model definitely do not carry over to the two-sector case .
A study of U.S. states showed that businesses ' annual and average payrolls grow faster and employment grew at a faster rate in states with a minimum wage .
Macduff kills and beheads him , thus fulfilling the first part of the prophecy .
However , in " Macbeth " , women are prone to contain violence and evil intentions .
Market power Market power is the ability to increase the product 's price above marginal cost without losing all customers .
Activities MIT has over 380 recognized student activity groups , including a campus radio station , The Tech student newspaper , an annual entrepreneurship competition , and weekly screenings of popular films by the Lecture Series Committee .
Monopolistic competition is a type of imperfect competition such that many producers sell products that are differentiated from one another as goods but not perfect substitutes ( such as from branding , quality , or location ) .
In monopolistic competition , a firm takes the prices charged by its rivals as given and ignores the impact of its own prices on the prices of other firms .
The source of an MC firm 's market power is not barriers to entry since they are low .
Thus in the long run the demand curve will be tangential to the long run average cost curve at a point to the left of its minimum .
The modern rigorous and systematic treatment of the principle came only in the 19th century , with George Boole , Augustus de Morgan , Charles Sanders Peirce , Giuseppe Peano , and Richard Dedekind .
Basis : Show that the statement holds for n = 0 .
Matrix may refer to : Mathematics and science Business Concepts Organizations Comics and literature Film and television Music and audio Artists and groups Audio technology Works Nightclub Sports Transportation Other uses See also
Sean Morton Downey , Jr. .
( December 9 , 1932 – March 12 , 2001 ) was an American singer , songwriter and later a television talk show host of the 1980s who pioneered the " trash TV " format on his program The Morton Downey , Jr. . Show . The film company Ironbound Films produced a biopic about Downey entitled Évocateur : The Morton Downey Jr. .
At WTAM , Downey abandoned the confrontational schtick of his TV and previous radio shows , and conducted this program in a much more conversational and jovial manner .
Awards Groening has been nominated for 25 Emmy Awards and has won twelve : ten for The Simpsons and two for Futurama in the " Outstanding Animated Program ( for programming one hour or less ) " category .
Rejections of metaphysics A number of individuals have suggested that much of metaphysics should be rejected .
Separation of trivalent actinides from lanthanide fission products and La carrier can be done by a cation-exchange resin column using a 90 % water/10 % ethanol solution saturated with HCl as eluant .
In propositional logic , modus tollens ( or modus tollendo tollens and also denying the consequent ) ( Latin for " the way that denies by denying " ) is a valid argument form and a rule of inference .
The first to explicitly state the argument form modus tollens were the Stoics .
History Etymology and origin The term markup is derived from the traditional publishing practice of " marking up " a manuscript , which involves adding handwritten annotations in the form of conventional symbolic printer 's instructions in the margins and text of a paper manuscript or printed proof .
Northern ManitobaThe northern sections of the province ( including the city of Thompson ) fall in the subarctic climate zone ( Köppen climate classification Dfc ) .
Fellow rocker Neil Young played with Stephen Stills in Buffalo Springfield , and again in Crosby , Stills , Nash & Young .
There are several ethnic weekly newspapers , including the weekly French-language La Liberté , and regional and national magazines based in the city .
The sharp distinction between subject and object corresponds to the distinction , in the philosophy of René Descartes , between thought and extension .
Therefore , language , in the absence of translation , comprises a barrier to a worldwide community of debate and opinion , although it is also true that media within any given society may be split along class , political or regional lines .
In September 622 , warned of a plot to assassinate him , Muhammad secretly slipped out of Mecca , moving with his followers to Medina , 320 kilometres ( 200 mi ) north of Mecca .
In March 624 , Muhammad led some three hundred warriors in a raid on a Meccan merchant caravan .
According to Watt , although Muhammad 's decision to make the pilgrimage was based on his dream , he was at the same time demonstrating to the pagan Meccans that Islam does not threaten the prestige of their sanctuary , and that Islam was an Arabian religion .
News of Uthman 's safety , however , allowed for negotiations to continue , and a treaty scheduled to last ten years was eventually signed between the Muslims and Quraysh .
We make no distinction between any of them , and unto Him we have surrendered . "
Today among amateur operators there are several organizations that recognize high speed code ability , one group consisting of those who can copy Morse at 60 wpm .
The original amateur radio operators used Morse code exclusively , since voice-capable radio transmitters did not become commonly available until around 1920 .
Other uses As of 2010 commercial radiotelegraph licenses using code tests based upon the CODEX standard word are still being issued in the United States by the Federal Communications Commission .
Also , it appears faster than scanning .
A well-known Morse code rhythm from the Second World War period derives from Beethoven 's Fifth Symphony , the opening phrase of which was regularly played at the beginning of BBC broadcasts .
The new character facilitates sending email addresses by Morse code and is notable since it is the first official addition to the Morse set of characters since World War I .
In 1999 , hormonal assay was suggested as a more accurate method of estimating fertility for EC studies .
Meat is animal flesh that is eaten as food .
Humans are omnivorous , and have hunted and killed animals for meat since prehistoric times .
Decades of breeding meat animals for fatness is being reversed by consumer demand for meat with less fat .
The success of the series trascended the borders of Argentina , being also issued by local channels in Uruguay , Paraguay and Peru .
This , however , was not enough to maintain the series , so it was cancelled after one season .
Locations The opening footage comprises views of Chicago , opening with a shot of Buckingham Fountain in Grant Park .
The taxonomic family Lamiaceae is known as the mint family .
Spanish doctor Santiago Ramón y Cajal is considered the father of modern neuroscience .
At close range such large weapons were of little use , but an intact phalanx could easily keep its enemies at a distance ; the weapons of the first five rows of men all projected beyond the front of the formation , so that there were more spearpoints than available targets at any given time .
Initial human settlement of Madagascar occurred between 350 BCE and 550 CE by Austronesian peoples arriving on outrigger canoe s from Borneo .
Over 300 species of birds have been recorded on the island , of which over 60 percent ( including four families and 42 genera ) are endemic .
Freedom of association and assembly are also guaranteed under the law , although in practice the denial of permits for public assembly has occasionally been used to impede political demonstrations .
Security The rise of centralized kingdoms among the Sakalava , Merina and other ethnic groups produced the island 's first standing armies by the 16th century , initially equipped with spears but later with muskets , cannon and other firearms .
The Malagasy ethnic group forms over 90 percent of Madagascar 's population and is typically divided into eighteen ethnic sub-groups .
This tradition was continued in the 20th century by such artists as Jean Joseph Rabearivelo , who is considered Africa 's first modern poet , and Elie Rajaonarison , an exemplar of the new wave of Malagasy poetry .
The Myrtales are an order of flowering plant s placed as a basal group within the rosid group of dicotyledon s ( not a member of eurosids I or eurosids II ) .
The following families are typical of newer classifications : The Cronquist system gives essentially the same composition , except the Vochysiaceae are removed to the order Polygalales , and the Thymelaeaceae are included .
Malpighiales and Lamiales are the two large orders whose phylogeny remains mostly unresolved .
Generally , when defendants invoke their Fifth Amendment right against self-incrimination and refuse to testify or submit to cross-examination at trial , the prosecutor can not punish them by commenting on their silence and insinuating that it is an implicit admission of guilt .
For example , " the right to remain silent " means little to a deaf individual and the word " constitutional " may not be understood by people with only an elementary education .
This limited and case-specific exception allows certain unadvised statements ( given without Miranda warnings ) to be admissible into evidence at trial when they were elicited in circumstances where there was great danger to public safety .
Stevenson 's research ( see below for citation ) indicates that only 4 % of suspects who are subsequently charged and tried in the District Court of New South Wales in Sydney remain silent during interviews .
In 1912 , the judges of the King 's Bench issued the Judges ' Rules .
See also Notes References Further reading External links
Meiosis generates genetic diversity in two ways : ( 1 ) independent alignment and subsequent separation of homologous chromosome pairs during the first meiotic division allows a random and independent selection of each chromosome segregates into each gamete ; and ( 2 ) physical exchange of homologous chromosomal regions by homologous recombination during prophase I results in new combinations of DNA within chromosomes .
jpg | Mongolian ( ethnic Tuvan ) boy and girl with mother .
jpg | Mongol nobleman Sengge Rinchen ( 1811 – 1865 ) .
Shōnen Pakku was influenced from foreign children 's magazines such as Puck which an employee of Jitsugyō no Nihon ( publisher of the magazine ) saw and decided to emulate .
Mexico City ( ; , also known as México , D. F. , or simply D.F. ) is the Federal District ( Distrito Federal ) , capital of Mexico and seat of the federal powers of the Mexican Union .
According to the Human Development Report of 2005 most metropolitan municipalities had a high human development index .
With a population of approximately 19.8 million inhabitants ( 2008 ) , it is one of the most populous conurbations in the world .
The former home of Rivera muse Dolores Olmedo house the namesake museum .
The two shopping centers contain the largest department stores El Palacio de Hierro and Liverpool , these contain luxury boutiques like Armani , BCBGMAXAZRIA , Bulgari , Burberry , Chanel , Cartier , DKNY , Hermès , Lancôme , Liz Claiborne , Longines , Longchamp , Michael Kors , MaxMara , Marc Jacobs , Oscar De La Renta , Purificación García , Rolex , Salvatore Ferragamo and Swarovski to mention a few .
Additionally there are many temporary fairs with rides throughout the city neighborhoods .
Initially defiant in the face of pressure from Chinese officials , Disney has since distanced itself from the project , hurting Kunduns commercial profile .
Allen came up with the original name of " Micro-Soft , " the combination of the words microcomputer and software , as recounted in a [ 1995 Fortune magazine article ] .
The company released the Xbox later that year , entering the game console market dominated by Sony and Nintendo .
The novel is presented in the form of diary entries maintained on a PowerBook by the narrator , Daniel .
Plot The plot of the novel has two distinct movements : the events at Microsoft and in Redmond , Washington , and the movement to Silicon Valley and the " Oop ! "
There is so little thought given to eternal issues that their very absence make them pointedly there .
The adjoining Tretyakovsky Proyezd , also south of Tverskaya Street , in Kitai-gorod , is host to upscale boutique stores such as Bulgari , Tiffany & Co. , Armani , Prada and Bentley .
Pollution Pollution in this region has been extremely high in recent years .
However , participants in this condition obeyed at the same rate as participants in the base condition .
These ages often extend across the ICS epoch boundary into the Pliocene and Oligocene .
Paleogeography Continent s continued to drift toward their present positions .
It is bordered by Jordan and Iraq to the north , Kuwait to the northeast , Qatar , Bahrain and the United Arab Emirates to the east , Oman to the southeast , Yemen in the south , the Red Sea to the west and Persian Gulf to the east .
In Malaysia 's constitutional monarchy , the Yang di-Pertuan Agong ( The Supreme Lord of the Federation ) is de facto rotated every five years among the nine Rulers of the Malay states of Malaysia ( those nine of the thirteen states of Malaysia that have hereditary royal rulers ) , elected by Majlis Raja-Raja ( Conference of Rulers ) .
Queen Victoria of the United Kingdom was arguably the most powerful monarch of her time , but at banquets was seated below all the Emperors until she took the title of Empress of India .
Mouthpiece may refer to : Other See also
Mr. T ( born Laurence Tureaud ; May 21 , 1952 ) is an American actor known for his roles as B. A. Baracus in the 1980s television series The A-Team , as boxer Clubber Lang in the 1982 film Rocky III , and for his appearances as a professional wrestler .
Mr. T is known for his trademark African Mandinka warrior hairstyle , his gold jewelry , and his tough-guy image .
His catchphrase " I pity the fool ! "
In free fall , ( no net gravitational forces ) objects lack weight but retain their mass .
Soviet musical film under Stalin Unlike the musical films of Hollywood and Bollywood , popularly identified with escapism , the Soviet musical was first and foremost a form of propaganda .
Geographically , Motala is situated where Lake Vättern drains into the river system of Motala ström , which was of central importance to the massive industralization of Sweden in the 19th century .
Facsimiles of the work are currently published .
Meaning of the word The May 15 , 1843 issue of the official Mormon periodical Times and Seasons contains an article , purportedly written by Joseph Smith , Jr. , deriving the etymology of the name " Mormon " from English " more " + Egyptian mon , " good " , and extolling the meaning as follows : It has been stated that this word [ mormon ] was derived from the Greek word mormo .
Macedonian ( , makedonski jazik , ) is a South Slavic language , spoken as a first language by some two million people , principally in the Republic of Macedonia and the Macedonian diaspora ; variants are also spoken in some neighbouring states .
Macedonian dialects form a continuum with Bulgarian dialects ; together in turn they form a broader continuum with Serbo-Croatian through the transitional Torlakian dialects .
Therefore , the simple term " Macedonian " as a name for the Slavic language is often avoided in the Greek context , and vehemently rejected by most Greeks , for whom Macedonian has very different connotations .
Regarding the form , the prepositions can either be simple or complex .
The formats are ordered by how faithful they are to the original , with the least faithful first and the most faithful last .
Later that year , in 1459 , Ottoman Sultan Mehmed II sent envoys to Vlad to urge him to pay a delayed tribute of 10,000 ducats and 500 recruits into the Ottoman forces .
An example of such a mineral would be the ruby and sapphire varieties of the mineral corundum .
Halite , NaCl , is table salt ; its potassium-bearing counterpart , sylvite , has a pronounced bitter taste .
Amphiboles have great variability in chemistry , described variously as a " mineralogical garbage can " or a " mineralogical shark swimming a sea of elements " .
Munich ( ; , , Bavarian : Minga ) is the capital and the largest city of the German state of Bavaria .
The 700m-long Kaufinger Strasse , which starts near the Main train station , forms a pedestrian east-west spine that traverses almost the entire centre .
Making only a few provisions concerning tariff principles and matters relating to business affairs , the new treaty did not alter the sovereignty of Macau and Portuguese government of Macau remained unchanged .
It was the last European territory in continental ( on-shore ) Asia .
China retained sovereignty and Chinese residents were subject to Chinese law , but the territory was under Portuguese administration .
Among them , 14,544 were born in the Philippines , 7,199 in Vietnam and 6,269 in Indonesia , altogether taking up 5.1 % of the total population .
For the very same reason the Bulgarians , when preparing the Exarchate 's government ( 1871 ) included Macedonians in the assembly as " brothers " to prevent any ethnic diversification .
The first Balkan War managed to liberate Balkans from Turks and settled the major issues except Macedonia .
Later , Skopje became a capital of the Serbian Empire under Stefan Dušan .
Ethnic Albanians are the country 's largest minority , making up one-quarter of the total population .
Agriculture is encouraged by the significant water resources , managed by dams and canals .
This development increased the number of the ROC 's diplomatic allies in Europe from one to two ( the other being the Holy See ) .
In 1944 , the Nyasaland African Congress ( NAC ) was formed by the Africans of Nyasaland to promote local interests to the British government .
As of 2011 , there were 3.952 million cell phones and 173,500 landline telephones in Malawi .
Through this coastal area , the Chewa traded ivory , iron , and slaves with the Portuguese and Arabs .
Using the overall SADC figures as a comparative benchmark , an even smaller number came to Malawi – 219,000 in 1998 , 254,000 in 1999 and 222,526 in 2000 .
They account for about 5 percent of the total population , and represent a majority in East Malaysia of Sabah and Sarawak .
Regulation of sexual activities among the Muslim population is strict , with laws prohibiting unmarried couples from occupying a secluded area or a confined space , to prevent suspicion of acts considered islamically immoral .
Johor Bahru is the second largest city and second largest urban area in the country .
In spite of the large positive current account surplus , foreign reserves have started to fall at a rapid rate .
The cumulative value of U.S. private investment in Malaysia exceeded $ 10 billion , 60 % of which is in the oil and gas and petrochemical sectors with the rest in manufacturing , especially semiconductors and other electronic products .
Bhd. ( SCS ) had come close with another development , the ALUDRA MK I/MK II .
The Maldives was the first landfall for traders from Basrah , sailing to Sri Lanka or Southeast Asia .
In late December 2004 , the major tsunami left more than 100 dead , 12,000 displaced , and property damage exceeding $ 400 million .
These first Maldivians did n't leave any archaeological remains .
The attempt was sponsored by Ahmed Naseem , brother-in-law of Nasir and former junior Minister and was supported by a handful of Nasir loyalists .
Up to 5,000 demonstrators were involved .
The average worker 's annual salary is approximately US$ 1,500 .
The exercise , nonetheless , demonstrated the overwhelming strength of President Konaré 's ADEMA party , causing some other historic parties to boycott subsequent elections .
The Tuaregs traditionally have opposed the central government .
In the 1990s , Bamako banned horse carts , which caused an increase in hand carts on the streets .
The Library of Congress Country Profile of January 2005 stated that ' . .
Mali apparently has six military regions , according to Jane 's World Armies .
This cooperation somewhat lessened Mali 's dependence on Senegal and Côte d'Ivoire .
Tentative information suggests that the sacrifices were made to the goddess of fertility , whose statue is now in the National Museum of Archaeology in Valletta .
Since June 2007 , Harbour Air Malta has operated a thrice-daily floatplane service between the sea terminal in Grand Harbour and Mgarr Harbour in Gozo .
The 2005 census showed a 1013:1000 female-to-male ratio .
At the moment , females slightly outnumber males , making up 50.3 per cent of the population .
Outbound migrationIn the 19th century , most emigration from Malta was to North Africa and the Middle East , although rates of return migration to Malta were high .
Between 1948 and 1967 , 30 per cent of the population emigrated .
The Marshall Islands , officially the Republic of the Marshall Islands ( ) , is an island country located in the northern Pacific Ocean .
Geographically , the country is part of the larger island group of Micronesia , with the population of 68,480 people spread out over 34 low-lying coral atoll s , comprising 1,156 individual island s and islet s. The islands share maritime boundaries with the Federated States of Micronesia to the west , Wake Island to the north , Kiribati to the south-east , and Nauru to the south .
Under the terms of the Amended Compact of Free Association , the U.S. will provide US$ 57.7 million per year to the Marshall Islands ( RMI ) through 2013 , and then US$ 62.7 million through 2023 , at which time a trust fund , made up of U.S. and RMI contributions , will begin perpetual annual payouts .
But government officials personally interested in an economic stake in the plant refused to help .
Railway s : 0 km Highway s : total : NA km paved : 64.5 km unpaved : NA km note : paved roads on major islands ( Majuro , Kwajalein ) , otherwise stone - , coral - , or laterite - surfaced roads and tracks ( 2002 ) Ports and harbor s : Majuro Merchant marine : total : 342 ships ( 1,000 GRT or over ) totaling 14,471,690 GRT / ships by type : bulk 86 , cargo 18 , chemical tanker 31 , combination bulk 4 , combination ore/oil 7 , container 69 , liquified gas 8 , multi-functional large load carrier 1 , passenger 6 , petroleum tanker 106 , roll on/roll off 1 , short-sea passenger 1 , vehicle carrier 1 ( 2002 est. ) note : a flag of convenience registry ; includes the ships of People 's Republic of China 1 , Cyprus 1 , Denmark 9 , Germany 70 , Greece 54 , Hong Kong 2 , Japan 4 , Monaco 8 , Netherlands 8 , United Kingdom 3 , United States 87 , and Uruguay 1 ( 2002 est. ) Airport s : 35 ( 2009 ) , see list of airports in the Marshall Islands Airports - with paved runways : total : 5 1,524 to 2,437 m : 4 ( Eniwetok , IATA airport code ENT ; Kwajalein , KWA ; and Marshall Islands International , MAJ ; Rongelap ) .
In practice , the heating required to remove trace water from the books before reaction ( DEZ reacts violently with water ) caused an accelerated degradation of the paper , and a range of other chemical reactions between DEZ and other components of the book ( glues , bindings ) caused further damage and the production of unpleasant smells .
Parchment made from calf or sheep was the most common in Northern Europe , while civilizations in Southern Europe preferred goatskin .
Galatians 3.28 and the Gender Dispute , Richard Hove argues that while Galatians 3:28 means that one 's sex does not affect salvation , " there remains a pattern of in which the wife is to emulate the church 's submission to Christ ( ) and the husband is to emulate Christ 's love for the church . "
Telephone Telephones - main lines in use : 172 000 ( 2001 ) Telephones - mobile cellular : 319 900 ( 2002 ) Telephone system : domestic facilities are adequate domestic : NA international : microwave radio relay to Guadeloupe , Dominica , and Saint Lucia ; satellite earth stations - 2 Intelsat ( Atlantic Ocean ) Radio Radio broadcast stations : AM 0 , FM 14 , shortwave 0 ( 1998 ) Radios : 82,000 ( 1997 ) Television Television broadcast stations : 11 ( plus nine repeaters ) ( 1997 ) Televisions : 66,000 ( 1997 ) Internet Internet Service Providers ( ISPs ) : 2 ( 2000 ) Internet users : 107 000 ( 2005 ) Country code ( Top level domain ) : MQ See also
Conflict between white Moor , black Moor , and non-Moor ethnic groups , centering on language , land tenure , and other issues , continues to pose challenges to the idea of national unity .
Roadway obstructions and hazards caused by drifting sand , animals , and poor roads often plague motorists .
Ali Muhammad Khan , in the Mirat-i-Ahmedi ( 1507 ) referred to the city as Manbai .
However , this literal translation would have been incorrect in grammatical gender , as bom is masculine , while baia is feminine ; a correct Portuguese rendering of " good bay " would be boa ba ( h ) ia .
Contemporary art is featured in both government-funded art spaces and private commercial galleries .
Another group reported it had deposited earnest money for a team in the AFL .
The dolphin in the logo is no longer wearing the " M " helmet .
The mission of the Special Teams is to offer hands-on services to communities and families in need , to partner with existing organizations on worthwhile social , civic and charitable programs , to provide assistance at Miami Dolphins Foundation events , and to support community efforts in times of emergency .
Say you have the unweighted mean M and weight the numbers by natural numbers a_1 , \ dots , a_n .
At the age of 8 , he had been sexually molested by a camp counselor , who had also taken nude pictures of him .... Poor Mike had spent his whole life racked with guilt and in constant fear that these pictures would someday surface in a way that might embarrass him and , especially , his adoptive father . "
Mauritius received the World Leading island Destination award for the third time and World 's Best Beach at the World Travel Awards in January 2012 .
The French language was at that moment still used more widely than English .
Navin Ramgoolam led a MLP-MMM coalition to victory at the 1995 general elections , replacing Sir Aneerood Jugnauth as Prime Minister , a post the latter had occupied for 13 years .
It is the language most used on television and radio as well as in commercial announcements and billboards .
They consolidated power and exercised influence in matters of trade , art , politics , technology , and religion .
The conquest was of the Chibcha n speaking nations , mainly the Muisca and Tairona indigenous people that lived here .
The United Mexican States ( Spanish : Estados Unidos Mexicanos ) , was established on 4 October 1824 , after the overthrow of the Mexican Empire of Agustin de Iturbide .
New Mexico in particular had been gravitating toward Comancheria .
Increased tax revenues and better administration brought dramatic improvements in public safety , public health , railways , mining , industry , foreign trade , and national finances .
Mexico in turn cut its imports of horses and mules , mining machinery , and railroad supplies .
New federal laws in 1884 and 1887 allowed corporations to be more flexible .
Elections and political composition of the institutions Suffrage is universal , free , secret and direct for all Mexican citizens 18 and older , and is compulsory ( but not enforced ) .
But from 2004 to 2008 the portion of the population who received less than half of the median income has risen from 17 % to 21 % and the absolute levels of poverty have risen considerably from 2006 to 2010 , with a rise in persons living in extreme or moderate poverty rising from 35 to 46 % ( 52 million persons ) .
Banco de México 's main objective is to achieve stability in the purchasing power of the national currency .
Since NAFTA has come into force , the two countries have become much more important to each other , and often collaborate when dealing with the United States , for example with issues related to the economic embargo imposed to Cuba .
When the U.S. entered the war on April 2 , 1917 , eleven days later then-President Venustiano Carranza not only turned down the proposition but also declared neutrality .
In addition , Mexico favored the membership of Canada in 1989 and Belize and Guatemala in 1991 .
The Spanish government therefore decided to sell them to a new colonial power : Germany .
The Moldovan Soviet Socialist Republic ( Moldovan SSR ) , established on August 2 , 1940 , consisted of six and a half counties of Bessarabia joined with the westernmost part of the already extant MASSR ( an autonomous entity within the Ukrainian SSR ) .
Numerous detainees reported beatings by the police when released .
Moldovans made up a sizable proportion of the urban population in 1989 ( about half the population of Chişinǎu and other cities ) , as well as a large proportion of the rural population ( over 85 % ) , but only 23 % of the ethnic Moldovans lived in the republic 's ten largest cities , with the rest of the community being predominantly rural .
Between 2001 and 2004 the government privatized less than 60 of the 480-odd enterprises scheduled for sale . "
All food and manufactured goods are imported .
In 1994 , Moldova became a member of NATO 's Partnership for Peace program and also a member of the Council of Europe on June 29 , 1995 .
In 1993 , a national currency , the Moldovan leu , was introduced to replace the temporary cupon .
In 1995 the country was admitted to the Council of Europe .
Agriculture Moldova 's rich soil and temperate continental climate ( with warm summers and mild winters ) have made the country one of the most productive agricultural regions since ancient times , and a major supplier of agricultural products in southeastern Europe .
Education Primary and secondary schools Monaco has ten state-operated schools , including : seven nursery and primary school s ; one secondary school , Collège Charles III ; one lycée that provides general and technological training , Lycée Albert 1er ; and one lycée that provides vocational and hotel training , Lycée technique et hôtelier de Monte-Carlo .
The prince is advised by the Crown Council of Monaco .
The first , in 1964 , was a 3,500 metre tunnel ( mostly in French territory ) which rendered the original Monte-Carlo station redundant .
The ceremony is more than just tourist spectacle , as this small military force is the front line of defence of the Monegasque royal family .
At the end of the 17th century , all of Mongolia had been incorporated into the area ruled by the Qing Dynasty .
Much of Mongolia consists of steppe s. The highest point in Mongolia is the Khüiten Peak in the Tavan bogd massif in the far west at .
The Judiciary is independent of the executive and the legislature .
Buses runs between 7:00 am and 10:00 pm .
Montserrat ( ) is a Caribbean island that is a British Overseas Territory .
It is located in the Leeward Islands , part of the chain of islands known as the Lesser Antilles , in the West Indies .
Additional amounts are secured through income and property taxes , license and other fees as well as customs duties levied on imported goods .
Climate Tropical ; little daily or seasonal temperature variation .
Statistics Location : Caribbean , island in the Caribbean Sea , southeast of Puerto Rico Geographic coordinates : Map references : Central America and the CaribbeanArea : total : 100 km ² land : 100 km ² water : 0 km ² Land boundaries : 0 kmCoastline : 40 kmMaritime claims : exclusive fishing zone : territorial sea : Terrain : volcanic islands , mostly mountainous , with small coastal lowlandElevation extremes : lowest point : Caribbean Sea 0 m highest point : Chances Peak ( in the Soufrière Hills ) 915 mNatural resources : NEGLLand use : arable land : 20 % permanent crops : 0 % permanent pastures : 10 % forests and woodland : 40 % other : 30 % ( 1993 est. ) Irrigated land : NA km ² Natural hazards : severe hurricanes ( June to November ) ; volcanic eruptions ( full-scale eruptions of the Soufriere Hills volcano occurred during 1996-97 ) Environment - current issues : Land erosion occurs on slopes that have been cleared for cultivation .
The matter was resolved at the Algeciras Conference in 1906 .
Energy In 2008 , about 56 % of the electricity source of Morocco came from coal .
The coastal regions of present-day Morocco shared in an early Neolithic culture that was common to the whole Mediterranean littoral .
The 11th and 12th centuries witnessed the founding of several great Berber dynasties led by religious reformers and each based on a tribal confederation that dominated the Maghrib ( also seen as Maghreb ; refers to North Africa west of Egypt ) and Al-Andalus for more than 200 years .
In January 1944 , the Istiqlal ( Independence ) Party , which subsequently provided most of the leadership for the nationalist movement , released a manifesto demanding full independence , national reunification , and a democratic constitution .
Because of the firm stand the king had taken , it also enhanced his popularity in the country .
Morocco 's economy is considered a relatively liberal economy governed by the law of supply and demand .
Since 1993 , the country has followed a policy of privatization of certain economic sectors which used to be in the hands of the government .
The production of textiles and clothing is part of a growing manufacturing sector that accounted for approximately 34 % of total exports in 2002 , employing 40 % of the industrial workforce .
Net investment under the five-year plan for 1960 – 64 was about $ 1.3 billion .
According to the Moroccan economist , Brahim MANSOURI ( Fiscal Policy and Economic Growth : Egypt , Morocco and Tunisia Compared , UNECA , 2008 ) , when drought , measured as a dummy variable computed on the basis of the rate of growth of cereal yield , endangers extremely , the growth rate of real GDP would fall by 10 percent ( see also , Mansouri 's articles in Cannabis Morocco consistently ranks among the world 's largest producers and exporters of cannabis , and its cultivation and sale provide the economic base for much of northern Morocco .
The European Union is Morocco 's top client as regards textile and clothing , with France importing 46 % of hosiery , 28.5 % of basic textile and 27.6 % of ready-to-wear clothing from Morocco , managing director of the Moroccan Export Development Center underlined .
Tourism Morocco is a major touristic destination .
Founded in 1929 , it is one of the oldest stock exchanges in Africa , but it came into reckoning after financial reforms in 1993 , making it the third largest in Africa .
Economy of Western Sahara The majority of the territory of Western Sahara is currently administered by the Kingdom of Morocco .
The railway system connects the principal urban centres of the north , and new rail links , together with improved roads , are being established to Laâyoune in Western Sahara .
Operated by Maroc Telecom .
Other new routes A new railway connecting Nador to the existing network at Taourirt was finished in 2010 , after it had been under construction since 2007 .
With that , Morocco became the first country in the southern Mediterranean region to benefit from the advanced status in its relations with the EU .
The Portuguese were able to wrest much of the coastal trade from Arabs between 1500 and 1700 , but , with the Arab seizure of Portugal 's key foothold at Fort Jesus on Mombasa Island ( now in Kenya ) in 1698 , the pendulum began to swing in the other direction .
Geography and climate At , Mozambique is the world 's 35th-largest country .
The country is divided into two topographical regions by the Zambezi River .
President Chissano won the presidency with a margin of 4 % over the RENAMO-Electoral Union coalition candidate , Afonso Dhlakama , and began his five-year term in January 2000 .
During the period of early 1980s around 11 % of the government budget was targeted on health care .
The former Chief of the Army ( FPLM ) Lieutenant General Antonio Hama Thai was retired .
After seeing the film , Constance Bennett reportedly quipped , " There 's a broad with her future behind her . "
In 1953 and 1954 , she was listed in the annual " Quigley Poll of the Top Ten Money Making Stars " , which was compiled from the votes of movie exhibitors throughout the United States for the stars that had generated the most revenue in their theaters over the previous year . "
Marilyn Monroe has finally proved herself an actress . "
In August 2009 , the crypt space directly above that of Monroe was placed for auction on eBay .
At the first meeting , MK adopted the following objectives : By September 1951 they had officially come to a stance of supporting self-government for Cornwall , in what they hoped at the time would be a federal United Kingdom .
In June 2011 Mebyon Kernow lost one of its Truro City councillors , and prior General Election Candidate , Loic Rich , who moved to the Conservative group .
He had previously worked for Cornwall County Council for 14 years , but it is not permitted for employees of Councils to stand for election to a local authority they work for .
The Middle East is a region that roughly encompasses Western Asia .
The term is considered to be Eurocentric and used as a synonym for Near East , in opposition to Far East .
Industries of the Middle Eastern region include oil and oil-related products , agriculture , cotton , cattle , dairy , textiles , leather products , surgical instruments , defence equipment ( guns , ammunition , tanks , submarines , fighter jets , UAVs , and missiles ) .
Monism is a philosophical position which argues that the variety of existing things can be explained in terms of a single reality or substance .
The Moon is the only natural satellite of the Earth , and the fifth largest satellite in the Solar System .
Yet , if the purpose of Polo 's tales was to impress others with tales of his high esteem for an advanced civilization , then it is possible that Polo shrewdly would omit those details that would cause his listeners to scoff at the Chinese with a sense of European superiority .
The Andes is long and is often considered the world 's longest mountain system .
The recognition and understanding of mental health conditions have changed over time and across cultures and there are still variations in definition , assessment and classification , although standard guideline criteria are widely used .
Other mental health professionals , such as clinical psychologists , may or may not apply the same diagnostic categories to their clinical formulation of a client 's difficulties and circumstances .
While rates of psychological disorders are often the same for men and women , women tend to have a higher rate of depression .
She illustrated some of Moorcock 's book covers , including the Gloriana dustjacket .
Officials varied widely in their pronunciation ; in 1728 , the Yongzheng emperor , unable to understand the accents of officials from Guangdong and Fujian , issued a decree requiring the governors of those provinces to provide for the teaching of proper pronunciation .
The band was ranked No. 29 on VH1 's list of the greatest hard rock bands .
It was sold via the Mandriva Store website and authorized resellers , or could be downloaded by some subscribers to the Mandriva Club .
In early 1992 Mazda planned to release a luxury marque , Amati , to challenge Acura , Infiniti , and Lexus in North America , which was to begin selling in late 1993 .
Some constants , such as the square root of 2 , Liouville 's constant and Champernowne constant : are not important mathematical invariants but retain interest being simple representatives of special sets of numbers , the irrational number s , the transcendental number s and the normal number s ( in base 10 ) respectively .
In the preface to his Phenomenology of Perception , Merleau-Ponty presents a phenomenological objection to positivism : that it can tell us nothing about human subjectivity .
The concept of mind is understood in many different ways by many different cultural and religious traditions .
In 1906 , the Transvaal government promulgated a new Act compelling registration of the colony 's Indian population .
Gandhi took leadership of Congress in 1920 and began a steady escalation of demands ( with intermittent compromises or pauses ) until on 26 January 1930 the Indian National Congress declared the independence of India .
He began his sentence on 18 March 1922 .
Assassination On 30 January 1948 , Gandhi was shot while he was walking to a platform from which he was to address a prayer meeting .
I have known them intimately in South Africa .
Biography Birth The details of Miyamoto Musashi 's early life are difficult to verify .
Midwifery is a health care profession in which providers offer care to childbearing women during pregnancy , labour and birth , and during the postpartum period .
They also help care for the newborn and assist the mother with breastfeeding .
Upon graduation from these programs , graduates sit for a certification exam administered by the American Midwifery Certification Board .
He was baptized in Alcalá de Henares on 9 October 1547 at the parish church of Santa María la Mayor .
Recently a new contrast agent named gadoxetate , brand name Eovist ( US ) or Primovist ( EU ) , was approved for diagnostic use : this has the theoretical benefit of a dual excretion path .
Symmetry groups Symmetry groups are groups consisting of symmetries of given mathematical objects — be they of geometric nature , such as the introductory symmetry group of the square , or of algebraic nature , such as polynomial equation s and their solutions .
Happiness , not conceived as psychologically experienced contentment , but rather as a whole life well lived , is not a terminal end because it is never attained at any time in the course of one 's whole life .
As part of the referendum process , the name of the country was changed from the " Union of Myanmar " to the " Republic of the Union of Myanmar " and general elections were held under the new constitution in 2010 .
Dąbrowski and his soldiers hoped to fight against Austria under Napoleon and , subsequently , march across the Austrian territory , " from Italy to Poland , " where they would ignite a national uprising .
Carey 's relationship with Mottola began to deteriorate , due to their growing creative differences in terms of her albums , as well as his controlling nature .
Career His early career in the 1930s was as a painter in London , although he lived on the Channel Island of Sark for a time .
In 1936 he returned to London and was commissioned to design the sets and costumes for Insect Play and his work was acclaimed in The Sunday Times .
By application or intent Many martial arts , especially those from Asia , also teach side disciplines which pertain to medicinal practices .
However , those who participated in the feast eventually died , either from food poisoning or from natural causes .
2012 : The Newmac Expedition In April of 2012 Stephen McCullah & Sam Newton launched a Kickstarter campaign to fund an expedition to the Congo region to search for Mokele-mbembe .
In the philosophy of mathematics , intuitionism , or neointuitionism ( opposed to preintuitionism ) , is an approach where mathematics is considered to be purely the result of the constructive mental activity of humans rather than the discovery of fundamental principles claimed to exist in an objective reality .
That is , logic and mathematics are not considered analytic activities wherein deep properties of objective reality are revealed and applied but are instead considered the application of internally consistent methods used to realize more complex mental constructs , regardless of their possible independent existence in an objective reality .
In speaking of Henotheism , Indo-European religions have had shifting tendencies regarding their supreme god .
Resuming civil war : 1940 – 1949 In 1944 , the Americans sent a special diplomatic envoy , called the Dixie Mission , to the Communist Party of China .
While discussing labor-intensive projects such as waterworks and making steel , Chang claims Mao said to his inner circle in November 1958 : " Working like this , with all these projects , half of China may well have to die .
The official Chinese translation of President Barack Obama 's inauguration speech used a famous line from one of Mao 's poems .
Cancelled film In 2000 , Lucasfilm together with Industrial Light & Magic were working on an animated film based on the series .
In The Longest Journey , April Ryan has a small toy monkey she calls " Officer Guybrush . "
Singing tradition The National Stadium was known primarily as the venue for massed voices singing such hymns as " Cwm Rhondda " , " Calon Lân " , " Men of Harlech " and " Hen Wlad Fy Nhadau " ( " Land of my Fathers " – the national anthem of Wales ) .
A primary feature of MUSH codebases that tends to distinguish it from other multi-user environments is the ability , by default , of any player to extend the world by creating new rooms or objects and specifying their behavior in the MUSH 's internal scripting language .
Mutation can result in several different types of change in DNA sequences ; these can either have no effect , alter the product of a gene , or prevent the gene from functioning .
The concept of natural selection was originally developed in the absence of a valid theory of heredity ; at the time of Darwin 's writing , nothing was known of modern genetics .
The main difference between the two processes is that one occurs within a few generations , whilst the other takes place over thousands of years ( i.e. a quantitative difference ) .
MySQL Workbench is available in two editions , the regular free and open source Community Edition which may be downloaded from the MySQL website , and the proprietary Standard Edition which extends and improves the feature set of the Community Edition .
Triggers are currently limited to one per action / timing , i.e. maximum one after insert and one before insert on the same table .
Related projects History Legal and acquisition impacts On 15 June 2001 , NuSphere sued MySQL AB , TcX DataKonsult AB and its original authors Michael ( " Monty " ) Widenius and David Axmark in U.S District Court in Boston for “ breach of contract , tortious interference with third party contracts and relationships and unfair competition ” .
Intermedia , a term coined by Dick Higgins and meant to convey new art forms along the lines of Fluxus , concrete poetry , found objects , performance art , and computer art .
Some writers declared that Modernism had become so institutionalized that it was now " post avant-garde " , indicating that it had lost its power as a revolutionary movement .
By the mid-1980s , Sequent introduced the first symmetric multiprocessor ( SMP ) server-class computer using the NS 32032 .
Both versions can run 32-bit legacy applications without any performance penalty as well as new 64-bit software .
With the development of fast digital computers , approximate solutions for more complicated molecules became possible and are one of the main aspects of computational chemistry .
It consists of all parameters of the form for some \ mu in the open unit disk .
The following example of an image sequence zooming to a selected c value gives an impression of the infinite richness of different geometrical structures , and explains some of their typical rules .
It starred Johnny Depp and Christian Bale .
Ultrasonic force Ultrasonic Force Microscopy ( UFM ) has been developed in order to improve the details and image contrast on " flat " areas of interest where AFM images are limited in contrast .
Other types Scanning acoustic microscope s use sound waves to measure variations in acoustic impedance .
In 1907 , Congress authorized a deep channel project on the Mississippi , which was not complete when it was abandoned in the late 1920s in favor of the deep channel project .
On August 1 , 2007 , the I-35W Mississippi River bridge in Minneapolis collapsed during the evening rush hour .
These mixed minimax strategies are now stable and can not be improved .
Much of Minnesota 's northern forest underwent logging at some time , leaving only a few patches of old growth forest today in areas such as in the Chippewa National Forest and the Superior National Forest where the Boundary Waters Canoe Area Wilderness has some of unlogged land .
Depending on location , average annual precipitation ranges from , and droughts occur every 10 to 50 years .
Population According to the enthnographer James Mooney , the population of the tribe was about 200 families in 1702 ; 1000 people in 1780 ; 300 in 1805 ; 80 in 1829 , when they were living with the Otoe ; and 13 in 1910 ; afterward , their population numbers are combined with those of the Otoe .
These became famous during the Falklands War when an Argentine Exocet missile sank a Royal Navy destroyer .
During gametogenesis — the production of new gametes by an adult — the normal complement of 46 chromosomes needs to be halved to 23 to ensure that the resulting haploid gamete can join with another gamete to produce a diploid organism .
Another disadvantage is that , depending on the game , scripting capabilities may be limited or unavailable .
Random mutagenesis Early approaches to mutagenesis rely on methods which are entirely random in the mutations produced .
Marshall and Nichols discovered that the electromagnetic isotope separation process would require 5,000 tons of copper , which was in desperately short supply .
Initial designs by the Metallurgical Laboratory and DuPont used helium for cooling , before they determined that a water-cooled reactor would be simpler , cheaper and quicker to build .
Watched by Compton , Matthias , DuPont 's Crawford Greenewalt , Leona Woods and Fermi , who inserted the first slug , the reactor was powered up beginning on 13 September 1944 .
Some questioned whether an " atomic diplomacy " would not have attained the same goals and disputed whether the bombings or the Soviet declaration of war on Japan was decisive .
The initial mass of the star depends on the local conditions within the cloud .
If other parts of the program need memory ( a part assigned to open and close the door , for example ) , then someone may be trapped inside , since the software can not open the door .
RAII RAII , short for Resource Acquisition Is Initialization , is an approach to the problem commonly taken in C + + , D , and Ada .
The disadvantage to this arrangement is that the operating system sometimes must be re-configured to allow proper operation of programs that legitimately require large amounts of memory , such as those dealing with graphics , video , or scientific calculations .
MO diagrams The qualitative approach of MO analysis uses a molecular orbital diagram to visualize bonding interactions in a molecule .
The lowest-energy atomic orbitals , 1s ' and 1s " , do not transform according to the symmetries of the molecule .
In 1983 , five years after Mead had died , New Zealand anthropologist Derek Freeman , published Margaret Mead and Samoa : The Making and Unmaking of an Anthropological Myth , in which he challenged Mead 's major findings about sexuality in Samoan society .
Ceramics and glasses Another application of the material sciences is the structures of glass and ceramics , typically associated with the most brittle materials .
Thus , for example , it is possible to say that an object is a whole number using a formula of L _ such as Higher-order logics allow for quantification not only of elements of the domain of discourse , but subsets of the domain of discourse , sets of such subsets , and other objects of higher type .
Microelectromechanical systems ( MEMS ) ( also written as micro-electro-mechanical , MicroElectroMechanical or microelectronic and microelectromechanical systems ) is the technology of very small devices ; it merges at the nano-scale into nanoelectromechanical systems ( NEMS ) and nanotechnology .
MEMS are also referred to as micromachines ( in Japan ) , or micro systems technology – MST ( in Europe ) .
AlN crystallizes in the wurtzite structure and thus shows pyroelectric and piezoelectric properties enabling sensors , for instance , with sensitivity to normal and shear forces .
The primary advantage of electron beam lithography is that it is one of the ways to beat the diffraction limit of light and make features in the nanometer regime .
Deep RIE ( DRIE ) is a special subclass of RIE that is growing in popularity .
There he argued that economics as science should be free of value judgments for it to be objective .
Instead of picking up a newspaper , or watching the 10 o'clock news , people can log onto the internet to get the news they want , when they want it .
A book produced in electronic format is known as an e-book .
Its longest version consists of over 100,000 shloka or over 200,000 individual verse lines ( each shloka is a couplet ) , and long prose passages .
Likewise , monoid homomorphisms are just functor s between single object categories .
In calculus , the mean value theorem states , roughly : given a planar arc between two endpoints , there is at least one point at which the tangent to the arc is parallel to the secant through its endpoints .
The theorem is used to prove global statements about a function on an interval starting from local hypotheses about derivatives at points of the interval .
Gilbert and Winnick collaborated with the marketing department to design the back cover .
In another issue , editor Ashley Day listed the game as having his favorite ending – the mansion 's explosion upon pressing an unexpected button .
Instead of becoming angry , the audience laughed .
Their last Paramount film , Duck Soup ( 1933 ) , directed by the highly regarded Leo McCarey , is the highest rated of the five Marx Brothers films on the American Film Institute 's " 100 years ... 100 Movies " list .
The immediate predecessors of MP3 were " Optimum Coding in the Frequency Domain " ( OCF ) , and Perceptual Transform Coding ( PXFM ) .
After serving for 33 years in several wars against France , Scotland , and Brittany and after being substantially rebuilt in 1536 , she saw her last action on 1545 .
It was far more common at the time to give ships pious Christian names , a long-standing tradition in Western Europe , or to associate them with their royal patrons .
The ship went through several changes in her armament throughout her career , most significantly accompanying her " rebuilding " in 1536 ( see below ) , when the number of anti-personnel guns was reduced and a second tier of carriage-mounted long guns fitted .
A group of six skeletons were found grouped close to one of the 2-tonne bronze culverin s on the main deck near the bow .
What turned the sinking into a major tragedy in terms of lives lost was the anti-boarding netting that covered the upper decks in the waist ( the midsection of the ship ) and the sterncastle .
The wreck was soon identified as the Mary Rose from the inscriptions of one of the bronze guns manufactured in 1537 .
SalvageRaising the Mary Rose meant overcoming a number of delicate problems that had never been encountered before .
Many objects from the Mary Rose had been well preserved in form and shape , but many were quite delicate , requiring careful handling .
At one point a county councillor even threatened to withdraw promised funds if the dockyard site became more than an interim solution .
In certain states , like California , certain weapons that " cosmetically " resemble true assault rifles , but are only semi-automatic ( autoloading ) , are categorized as " assault weapon s " and possession by civilians is generally illegal .
Marine is an umbrella term .
As an adjective it is usually applicable to things relating to the sea or ocean , such as marine biology , marine ecology and marine geology .
Post-2005 variations Starting in the UK in 2005 , an updated version of the game , titled Monopoly Here and Now , was produced , replacing game scenarios , properties , and tokens with modern equivalents .
Get Out of Jail and Free Parking Mini GamesIn 2009 , Hasbro released two mini games that can be played as stand-alone games or combined with the Monopoly game .
Conversely , there are two other points on the equator , 90 degrees of longitude apart from the first ones , where the Sun passes overhead only when the planet is at aphelion in alternate years , when the apparent motion of the Sun in the Mercurian sky is relatively rapid .
A sidereal day ( the period of rotation ) lasts about 58.7 Earth days .
In addition to continued observations and mapping of Mercury , MESSENGER will observe the 2012 solar maximum .
Galahad is led by a Grail-shaped beacon to Castle Anthrax , populated only by women who wish to perform sexual favours for him , but is " rescued " , somewhat against his will , by Lancelot .
Russia under Peter I ( Peter the Great ) attempted to pursue mercantilism , but had little success because of Russia 's lack of a large merchant class or an industrial base .
Keynes and other economists of the 20th century also realized the balance of payments is an important concern .
In specific instances , protectionist mercantilist policies also had an important and positive impact on the state that enacted them .
Milk from cows given rBST may be sold in the United States , and the FDA stated that no significant difference has been shown between milk derived from rBST-treated and that from non-rBST-treated cows .
Nevertheless , some theoretical physics models predict the existence of these magnetic monopoles .
However , this means that foreign language code may need to be written several times for the different backends , otherwise portability between backends will be lost .
The foundation of the Western tradition of Christian marriages have been the teachings of Jesus Christ and the Apostle Paul .
In some legal systems , the partners in a marriage are " jointly liable " for the debts of the marriage .
Although most surviving instances of the word refer to spiritual matters , it was also used in more mundane situations , as in the Viking Age runestone poem from the inscription Sö 56 from Fyrby : The Danish and Swedish form or , the Norwegian or , as well as the Icelandic form , all derive from the Old Norse term .
The Tapestry is naturally divided into various sections , including the physical realm and various levels of the spirit world , or Umbra .
Game setting History Early timesIn the game , Mages have always existed , though there are legends of the Pure Ones who were shards of the original , divine One .
The Avatar Storm was a very convenient explanation for the Underground 's loss of power and influence , though they also became more vulnerable to Paradox .
Obviously , this Sphere tends to do the most damage and is the most flashy and vulgar .
However , Fraser made his run too late .
It also made him ( to date ) the last Prime Minister from a non-metropolitan seat .
If P is uniform , a macroscopic separation of charge is produced only at the surfaces where P enter and leave the material .
Huaiyang cuisine has been praised since ancient times in China , and it was a general practice for an official travelling to Beijing to take up a new post to bring along with him a chef specialising in Huaiyang cuisine .
The MCG is listed on the Victorian Heritage Register and was included on the Australian National Heritage List on 26 December 2005 .
It is referred to within Victoria as the " Spiritual Home of Australian Sport " .
The area closest to the river was also developed for sporting purposes in later years including Olympic venues in 1956 .
McKechnie was a tailender who had just come to the crease .
In 1889 the MCC arranged for tennis to be played at the then Warehousemen ’s Cricket Ground , now the Albert Ground , at Albert Park , rather than the MCG .
The companies were obligated to repay the loans to the government , and the money would then be lent out to another group of businesses .
The second group wants to redefine memes as observable cultural artifact s and behaviors .
The following is a list of islands of Michigan .
Michigan has the second longest coastline of any state after Alaska .
Another historic part filled by Amyraut was in the negotiations originated by Pierre le Gouz de la Berchère ( 1600 – 1653 ) , first president of the parlement of Grenoble , when exiled to Saumur , for a reconciliation and reunion of the Catholics of France with the French Protestants .
In April , the first spacecraft was delivered to Wallops Island for the beach-abort test .
jpg | Maneuvre practice in gimbal ing rig File : B60 285b .
Deep space missions require a few big telescopes whereas Earth orbit manned missions require many small radiostations at points that the spacecraft will pass over on its way .
Reputation Opinions were much divided in ancient times as to his personal character ; but the testimony as to his administrative and diplomatic ability was unanimous .
Although not particular in the choice of some of the associates of his pleasures , he admitted none but men of worth to his intimacy , and when once admitted they were treated like equals .
His prose works on various subjects – Prometheus , dialogues like Symposium ( a banquet at which Virgil , Horace and Messalla were present ) , De cultu suo ( on his manner of life ) and a poem In Octaviam ( " Against Octavia " ) of which the content is unclear - were ridiculed by Augustus , Seneca and Quintilian for their strange style , the use of rare words and awkward transpositions .
He mocked the notion that the Government would make no more territorial demands of other newspapers if they allowed the Mirror to be censored .
When , in 1974 , Labour returned to office under Harold Wilson , Foot became Secretary of State for Employment .
Some Finns also make doughnuts and a crisp pastry fried in oil made from a similar , more liquid dough .
Physical applications Usually the Maxwell – Boltzmann distribution refers to molecular speeds , but also applies to the distribution of the momenta and energy of the molecules .
After the Conservatives lost the 1964 election she became spokeswoman on Housing and Land , in which position she advocated her party 's policy of allowing tenants to buy their council house s. She moved to the Shadow Treasury team in 1966 and , as Treasury spokeswoman , opposed Labour 's mandatory price and income controls , arguing that they would produce effects contrary to those intended and distort the economy .
She expressed concern that a united Germany would align itself more closely with the Soviet Union and move away from NATO .
In 2D Delocalization — bonding that involves more than one pair of atoms held together by one pair of electrons — is most familiar from the example of benzene C6H6 , where six electrons from six carbon atoms are engaged in joint aromatic bonding .
This material is a semiconductor , exemplifying that delocalization is a necessary but not sufficient requirement for conductivity .
As Minerva Achaea , she was worshipped at Luceria in Apulia where votive gift s and arms said to be those of Diomedes were preserved in her temple .
Several other professors of Berlin University lived nearby , among them theologian Adolf von Harnack , who became a close friend of Planck .
Be it the mischievous but strong-minded , independent girl who gives it to Prem as good as she gets or the woman willing to sacrifice her love believing she is doing the right thing , Madhuri is absolutely spot on creating one of the more memorable female characters of Hindi Cinema . "
The cards feature artwork by science-fiction artist Wallace Wood and tell the story of the invasion of Earth by cruel , hideous Martians .
was released by Warner Bros. The film combines the storyline and tone of a B-movie spoof with the budget of a blockbuster movie .
The chair of the board of DuPont was quoted as saying that ozone depletion theory is " a science fiction tale ... a load of rubbish ... utter nonsense " .
In 1976 , the U.S. National Academy of Sciences ( NAS ) released a report that confirmed the scientific credibility of the ozone depletion hypothesis .
According to the American Book Review 's rating in 2011 , this is one of the most recognizable opening lines in Western literature .
Appreciation !
They had two sons , Edward ( born 1935 ) and William ( born 1939 ) .
Inside were four progressively smaller envelopes , with the smallest containing ten $ 100 bills and an anonymous note instructing Locke to use a lower price when determining how much a Belmont man would have to pay for abandoned MBTA land .
During the ensuing manhunt for Dzhokhar and Tamerlan Tsarnaev the MBTA was fully shut down until the stay-inside request for Watertown , Cambridge , Belmont , and Boston was lifted .
Currently a transfer between phases is possible at South Station . "
The Commuter Rail system has used the color purple on train cars and system maps since October 8 , 1974 , and consequently it is sometimes called the " Purple Line . "
A motorcycle ( also called a motorbike , bike , moto or cycle ) is a two or three wheeled motor vehicle .
Motorcycles vary considerably depending on the task they are designed for , such as long distance travel , navigating congested urban traffic , cruising , sport and racing , or off-road conditions .
The black maple is included as a subspecies or variety in a more broadly viewed concept of A. saccharum , the sugar maple , by some botanists .
Matthew may refer to : In Christianity : See also
Male may refer to : In geography : People : Other :
A macron , from the Greek ( makrón ) , meaning " long " , is a diacritic placed above a vowel ( and , more rarely , under or above a consonant ) .
It was originally used to mark a long or heavy syllable in Greco-Roman metrics , but now marks a long vowel .
Mughal style became the dominant feature in many of the old mosques in India , Pakistan and Bangladesh .
The damage caused by the .223 ( 5.56 mm ) " varmint " bullet was observed and originally believed to be caused by " tumbling " due to the slow 1 in rifling twist rate .
In 1964 , when the Army was informed that DuPont could not mass-produce the nitrocellulose-based powder to the specifications demanded by the M16 , the Olin Mathieson Company provided a high-performance ball propellant of nitrocellulose and nitroglycerin .
This round was based on the U.S. cartridge , but included a new 62 grain bullet design with a small steel tip added to improve penetration .
Replacement designs Replacement of the M16 family has been proposed at various points , and its longevity is in part due to a series of failures in projects meant to replace it , driven largely by the requirement for a significant improvement .
Brando 's estate still earns about $ 9,000,000 per year , according to Forbes .
He was also named one of the top 10 " Icons of the Century " by Variety magazine .
Its star s are very faint and hardly visible from most of the non-tropical northern hemisphere .
Though each of them allows for a certain amount of variation , their basic patterns are as follows , using " - " for a long syllable , " u " for a short one , " x " for a syllable that can be long or short and " o " for a position that can either contain one long or two shorts : The Ṭawīl ( الطويل ) : u-x u-x - u-x u-u-فعولن مفاعيلن فعولن مفاعيلنThe Madīd ( المديد ) : xu — xu - xu-فاعلاتن فاعلن فاعلاتنThe Basīṭ ( البسيط ) : x-u - xu - x-u - uu-مستفعلن فاعلن مستفعلن فعلنThe Kāmil ( الكامل ) : o-u - o-u - o-u-متفاعلن متفاعلن متفاعلنThe Wāfir ( الوافر ) : u-o - u-o - u -- مفاعلتن مفاعلتن فعولنThe Hajaz ( الهزج ) : u -- x u -- xمفاعيلن مفاعيلنThe Rajaz ( الرجز ) : x-u - x-u - x-u-مستفعلن مستفعلن مستفعلنThe Ramal ( الرمل ) : xu — xu — xu-فاعلاتن فاعلاتن فاعلنThe Sarī ` ( السريع ) : xxu - xxu - - u-مستفعلن مستفعلن فاعلنThe Munsariħ ( المنسرح ) : x-u - - x-u - uu-مستفعلن فاعلاتُ مستفعلنThe Khafīf ( الخفيف ) : xu — x-u - xu — فاعلاتن مستفعلن فاعلاتنThe Muḍāri ` ( المضارع ) : u-x x-u -- مفاعلن فاعلاتنThe Muqtaḍib ( المقتضب ) : xu - u - uu-فاعلات ُ مفتعلنThe Mujtathth ( المجتث ) : x-u - xu — مستفعلن فاعلاتنThe Mutadārik ( المتدارك ) : o - o - o - o - ( Here , each " o " can also be " xu " ) فاعلن فاعلن فاعلن فاعلنThe Mutaqārib ( المتقارب ) : u-x u-x u-x u-فعولن فعولن فعولن فعول Classical Chinese Classical Chinese poetic metric may be divided into fixed and variable length line types , although the actual scansion of the metre is complicated by various factors , including linguistic changes and variations encountered in dealing with a tradition extending over a geographically extensive regional area for a continuous time period of over some two-and-a-half millennia .
Their credit card failed to authorize , and after being told the agency did not accept personal cheque s , the pair left to withdraw cash .
The reason there are now more than 30,000 meteorite finds in the world 's collections started with the discovery by Harvey H. Nininger that meteorites are much more common on the surface of the Earth than was previously thought .
Quoting Gérard de Nerval , art historian Jean-Yves Heurtebise has further proposed that Dutch mannerism seized on a general principle of art history , namely " the ability to capture what is different and to become different itself in this process . "
The affair and its repercussions ( which included Clinton 's impeachment ) became known as the Lewinsky scandal .
In September 1999 , Lewinsky took this interest further by beginning to sell a line of handbags bearing her name under the company name The Real Monica , Inc. .
The best example of an absolute referenced pressure is atmospheric or barometric pressure .
Sources for an understanding of dance in Europe in the Middle Ages are limited and fragmentary , being composed of some interesting depictions in painting s and illumination s , a few musical examples of what may be dances , and scattered allusions in literary texts .
The first detailed descriptions of dancing only date from 1450 in Italy , which is after the start of the Renaissance in Western Europe .
The enigmatic Tohya Miho frequently meddles in the lives of the protagonists .
She is shown walking amongst the zombies and then in Ed 's gun-sights , and in the center of an attack by a number of Ed 's Kill-Bots .
This problem was somewhat overcome with the use of a second type of organum .
Rather , most of the terminology seems to be a misappropriation on the part of the medieval theorists Although the church modes have no relation to the ancient Greek modes , the overabundance of Greek terminology does point to an interesting possible origin in the liturgical melodies of the Byzantine tradition .
Surviving Italian manuscripts include the Squarcialupi Codex and the Rossi Codex .
Manchester United Football Club is an English professional football club , based in Old Trafford , Greater Manchester , that plays in the Premier League .
Founded as Newton Heath LYR Football Club in 1878 , the club changed its name to Manchester United in 1902 and moved to Old Trafford in 1910 .
During the sessions at Florence of the Council of Ferrara-Florence in 1438 – 1445 , during the failed attempts to heal the schism of the Orthodox and Catholic churches , Cosimo de ' Medici and his intellectual circle had made acquaintance with the Neoplatonic philosopher George Gemistos Plethon , whose discourses upon Plato and the Alexandrian mystics so fascinated the learned society of Florence that they named him the second Plato .
The state also levies charges of 7 % on lodging and prepared food and 10 % on short-term auto rentals .
Mehmed III Adli ( Ottoman Turkish : محمد ثالث Meḥmed-i sālis , Turkish : III .
He died at Topkapı Palace , Constantinople .
Combined with the cards ' 8-bit audio , this resulted in a sound described as " artificial " and " primitive " .
Specialized performance controllers DJ digital controller s may be standalone units such as the Faderfox or the Allen & Heath Xone 3D , or may be integrated with a specific piece of software , such as Traktor or Scratch Live .
MIDI samplers are typically limited by displays that are too small to use to edit sampled waveforms , although some can be connected to a computer monitor .
This is all about Client-Server architecture Web development usage In the web development field , three-tier is often used to refer to website s , commonly electronic commerce websites , which are built using three tiers : Other considerations Data transfer between tiers is part of the architecture .
Club d ' Essai and Cinq études de bruits Following Schaeffer 's work with Studio d'Essai at Radiodiffusion Nationale during the early 1940s he was credited with originating the theory and practice of musique concrète .
The placement of loudspeakers in the performance space included two loudspeakers at the front right and left of the audience , one placed at the rear , and in the centre of the space a loudspeaker was placed in a high position above the audience .
Demersal habitats are near or on the bottom of the ocean .
Jochen Liedtke identified the design and implementation of the IPC mechanisms as the underlying reason for this poor performance .
Additionally , many " crashes " can be corrected by simply stopping and restarting the server .
A trisec can have a minimal area of water-plane , therefore , minimal motions in waves and higher effectiveness of motion control .
Some differences ensure some technical and exploitation advantages and disadvantages for ships of various purposes .
This definition is more compact , but somewhat messier : a tree consists of a pair of one type and a list another , which require disentangling to prove results about .
If you need a second one , BAR or BAZ is usually used ; there is a slight preference at MIT for bar and at Stanford for baz .
Unlike the IBM PC , which used 8 kB of system ROM for power-on self-test ( POST ) and basic input/output system ( BIOS ) , the Mac ROM was significantly larger ( 64 kB ) and held key OS code .
The American League opposed the move at first , but in 1960 a deal was reached : The Senators would move and would be replaced with an expansion Senators team for 1961 .
( or " go back to Boston " , etc. ) , " Batting 3rd , the center-fielder , No. 34 , KIRBY PUCKETT !!! " and asking fans not to ' throw anything or anybody ' onto the field .
More recent testing has shown that MPEG Multichannel ( based on MP2 ) , despite being compromised by an inferior matrixed mode ( for the sake of backwards compatibility ) rates just slightly lower than much more recent audio codecs , such as Dolby Digital ( AC-3 ) and Advanced Audio Coding ( AAC ) ( mostly within the margin of error — and substantially superior in some cases , such as audience applause ) .
Wars were fought at sea over the control of important resources .
Since the last ice age sea level has risen as much as 400 feet ( ~ 120 meters ) .
In contrast , PDWs usually use specialized or proprietary ammunition in unusual calibres .
With assistance from the Quaker group the American Friends Service Committee , he was able to make the journey in April 1959 .
Modern advertisements play on this , and Marmite runs a dual skinned website with two URLs ; I Love Marmite and I Hate Marmite , where people may share their experiences of Marmite and are actively encouraged to fuel this debate , as prompted by the I Hate Marmite registration form .
He is often equated with the Demetian hero Pryderi fab Pwyll , and may be associated with the minor Arthurian character Mabon fab Mellt .
Manasseh ( ; " Menashé " ) is an ancient Hebrew male name , meaning " causing to forget " .
Manasseh or Menashe may refer to : References See also
Novel In 1979 , before the end of the anime , Yoshiyuki Tomino himself created the first novelizations of the original Gundam anime series .
Waldensians are a Protestant movement which started in Lyon , France , in the late 1170s .
In 1831 , arbitration by the Great Powers allocated the city to the Netherlands .
Al also called national NBA games on the USA Network during its brief tenure in the early 1980s .
1999 Cunningham resumed duties again in 1999 , but after a lukewarm 2 – 4 start , Jeff George was given the starting job .
After a week four bye-week , the Vikings received star wide receiver Randy Moss in a trade with the New England Patriots .
Because muons have a very large mass and energy compared with the decay energy of radioactivity , they are never produced by radioactive decay .
A mousse ( French ' foam ' ) is a prepared food that incorporates air bubbles to give it a light and airy texture .
Although Hank Aaron played only two seasons for the Brewers in the twilight of his career , he played in Milwaukee for twelve seasons with the Braves , from his rookie season of 1954 until their move to Atlanta following the 1965 season .
On 24 January 138 , Hadrian selected Aurelius Antoninus as his new successor .
After a few days ' consideration , Antoninus accepted .
The hope has become a reality . "
The governor of Cappadocia , the front-line in all Armenian conflicts , was Marcus Sedatius Severianus , a Gaul with much experience in military matters .
Those animals were very likely killed by early Paleo-Native Americans , and habitat loss caused by a rising sea level that split Santa Rosae into the outer Channel Islands .
It also adapted mozzarella cheese , brought by the Spanish and modified it to what is known now as Oaxaca cheese .
Since the MIPS architecture is licensable , it has attracted several processor start-up companies over the years .
New instructions were added to retrieve the results from this unit back to the register file ; these result-retrieving instructions were interlocked .
Over the course of the year , Pavel Curtis joined the project , releasing the first version of the LambdaMOO Server .
Four parts StringsA string quartet usually consists of two violin s , a viola and a cello .
A wind quartet features a horn , a flute , an oboe and a bassoon .
Instrumentally , these bands can be considered as trios .
The courses are usually run over thick wooded terrain , sometimes with large obstacles such as logs , ditches , and sudden drops .
She was 19 , he 18 : they fell in love and were married in 1912 , the same year as her father 's project , the Pushkin Museum of Fine Arts , was ceremonially opened , an event attended by Tsar Nicholas II .
Later , that recognition was also expressed by the poet Joseph Brodsky , pre-eminent among Tsvetaeva 's champions .
In 2002 , she performed a triple-role alongside Ralph Fiennes in David Cronenberg 's acclaimed thriller Spider , a film that won her several international critics ' awards .
A mid-13th-century treatise , De Mensurabili Musica , explains a set of six rhythmic modes that were in use at the time , although it is not clear how they were formed .
He trained Arlo Guthrie for his bar mitzvah .
Infiltrating John Birch Society In the late 1950s to early 1960s , Kahane led a life of secrecy .
Cotton processing in other parts of the world increased , often on machines produced in Manchester .
Old mills have been converted into modern apartments , Hulme has undergone extensive regeneration programmes , and million-pound lofthouse apartments have since been developed .
In 1931 the Cheshire civil parishes of Baguley , Northenden and Northen Etchells from the south of the River Mersey were added .
Manchester has competed twice to host the Olympic Games , beaten by Atlanta for 1996 and Sydney for 2000 .
Later life : 1932 – 1963 In 1953 , Murray was appointed to the presidency of the Folklore Society , the first time that she had served on the council , taking over from the former president , Allan Gomme .
Murray 's ideas proved highly influential over the ideas of Gerald Gardner ( 1884 – 1964 ) , an English Wiccan who founded the tradition of Gardnerian Wicca in the 1950s before authoring the books Witchcraft Today ( 1954 ) and The Meaning of Witchcraft ( 1959 ) .
Geology The Southern Alps on the South Island were formed by tectonic uplifting and pressure as the Pacific and Indo-Australian Plate s collided along the island 's western coast .
Multiple-image Network Graphics is a public graphics file format for animated images .
MNG is closely related to the PNG image format .
However , work soon started on MNG as an animation-supporting version of PNG .
Apart from requiring the user to have JavaScript support and choose not to disable it , this method can be CPU and bandwidth intensive for pages with more than one image , large images , or high framerates , and does not allow the animation to be saved in one image file or posted on image-based sites such as flickr or imageboards .
Another alternative is SVG images with embedded PNG or JPEG graphics , using SVG animation ( if supported ) or JavaScript to flip between images .
Dukovany .
This film is a satire on the Western film genre and references older films such as Destry Rides Again , High Noon , Once Upon a Time in the West and The Treasure of the Sierra Madre as well as a surreal scene towards the end of the film referencing the extravagant musicals of Busby Berkeley .
It earned $ 86 million worldwide and received two Academy Award nominations : Academy Award for Writing Adapted Screenplay and Academy Award for Best Sound .
By testing a sample of hair , the blood group B + was determined .
As a result , it became common practice to grind Egyptian mummies into a powder to be sold and used as medicine .
The curved shape is caused by the different speeds on either side of the pasta tube as it comes out of the machine .
Messenger RNA ( mRNA ) is a large family of RNA molecules that convey genetic information from DNA to the ribosome , where they specify the amino acid sequence of the protein products of gene expression .
Structure 5 ' cap The 5 ' cap is a modified guanine nucleotide added to the " front " ( 5 ' end ) of the pre-mRNA using a 5 ' -5 ' - triphosphate linkage .
( See also , C-rich stability element . )
It was recently shown that bacteria also have a sort of 5 ' cap consisting of a triphosphate on the 5 ' end .
The Snow Apple , also known as the Fameuse , is believed to be a parent of the McIntosh .
Several varieties of A. bisporus are grown commercially , including whites , crimini , and portobello .
Bull uses a mixture of custom and Xeon processors .
Excel 97 Major upgrade .
I 've fucking had enough " .
The song appears on their October 1997 release Medazzaland , and ends with the line " And I know that you 're going to call ... if you need me . "
By the early 1980s , quantities of 68000 CPUs could be purchased for less than $ 30 USD per part .
U.S. armored infantry were fully equipped with M2 and M3 halftrack s. In the British and Commonwealth armies , " Type A Armoured Brigades " — which were intended for independent operations or to form part of armored divisions — had a " motor infantry " battalion mounted in Bren Carrier s or later in Lend-Lease halftracks . "
Almost immediately after the Soviet withdrawal , the Battle of Jalalabad broke out between Afghan government forces and the mujahideen .
When the Taliban were about to enter Kabul , Ahmad Shah Massoud twice offered Najibullah an opportunity to flee Kabul ; although they were political enemies , Massoud had known Najibullah since childhood , as they had lived in the same neighborhood .
In May 1969 Ted Hoff showed Bennett early diagrams of the Intel 4004 to see if it would meet their calculator needs .
Two types of coprocessors were defined , the floating point unit ( MC68881 or MC68882 FPU ) and the paged memory management unit ( MC68851 PMMU ) .
In 1868 one of her paintings , A Mandoline Player , was accepted for the first time by the selection jury for the Paris Salon .
jpg | '' Children on the Beach '' ( 1884 ) File : Child in a Straw Hat by Mary Cassatt c1886 .
jpeg | '' Madame Meerson and Her Daughter '' ( 1899 ) , Reynolda House Museum of American Art File : Cassatt Mary Jules Being Dried by His Mother 1900 .
Bachelor degree has been defined as a prerequisite for the admission of the cadets .
In working on the film , Miyazaki redrew 80,000 of the film 's frames himself .
In 2011 , Miyazaki co-wrote From up on Poppy Hill , based on the 1980 manga of the same name written by Tetsurō Sayama and illustrated by Chizuru Takahashi .
In October 2008 , Motorola agreed to sell its Biometrics business to Safran , a French defense firm .
Motorola scores relatively well on the chemicals criteria and has a goal to eliminate PVC vinyl plastic and brominated flame retardants ( BFRs ) , though only in mobile devices and not in all its products introduced after 2010 , despite the fact that Sony Ericsson and Nokia are already there .
The vehicles went on sale in 2011/10/03 at Mazda and Mazda Anfini dealers .
Merovingian kings and queens used the newly forming ecclesiastical power structure to their advantage .
There were 8,321 households out of which 18.6 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 33.3 % were married couples living together , 9.0 % had a female householder with no husband present , 3.3 % had a male householder with no wife present , and 54.5 % were non-families .
A large portion of the acclaimed graphic novel Blankets , by Craig Thompson , takes place in Marquette .
The Marquette Golf Club has brought international recognition to the area for its unique and dramatic Greywalls course , opened in 2005 .
The principal hazard associated with bivouacs is the greater level of exposure to cold and the elements .
Paris was evacuated due to the advancing enemy and for a brief time , Tours ( September – December 1870 ) became the effective capital of France .
Early thinkers such as John Locke , Jean-Jacques Rousseau and Adam Smith saw humankind beginning in the state of nature , then finding meaning for existence through labor and property , and using social contracts to create an environment that supports those efforts .
In Groundwork , Kant gives the example of a person who seeks to borrow money without intending to pay it back .
— evaporates when one is fully engaged in life .
The climate is described as similar to that of Bordeaux in a dry vintage .
Julian and Gregorian calendars The Gregorian calendar , like the Julian calendar before it , has twelve months : The mean month length of the Gregorian calendar is 30.436875 days .
Mutagens are not necessarily carcinogens , and vice versa .
Use of mutagen in anti-cancer therapy Many mutagens are highly toxic to proliferating cells , and they are often used to destroy cancer cells .
They kill Maskew and wound John .
A storm blows up , and by a strong coincidence , the ship is wrecked upon Moonfleet beach .
As a result , the chromosomes come under longitudinal tension from the two ends of the cell .
File : Anaphase IF .
The basic carbohydrate units are called monosaccharide s and include galactose , fructose , and most importantly glucose .
These bases are heterocyclic rings containing nitrogen , classified as purine s or pyrimidine s. Nucleotides also act as coenzymes in metabolic group transfer reactions .
Thus there were many different types of inquisitions depending on the location and methods ; historians have generally classified them into the episcopal inquisition and the papal inquisition .
But the harsh economic impact of the Japanese asset price bubble in 1991 ended the boom .
Subaqueous tailings disposal is another option .
Prospecting potential mining sites , a vital area of concern for the mining industry is now done using sophisticated new technologies such as seismic prospecting and remote-sensing satellites .
For example , 95 % of the energy used to make aluminium from bauxite ore is saved by using recycled material .
Many French were captured and incorporated into the Burmese Army as an elite gunner corps , under Chevalier Milard .
Many Rohingya refugees , not recognised as a sanctioned ethnic group and allegedly suffering abuse from the Burmese authorities , remain in Bangladesh , and have been threatened with forced repatriation to Burma .
He lost his chance to win the Drivers ' Championship at the at the high-speed Stowe Corner , his car 's rear brake failed , sending him off the track and resulting in a broken leg .
He fell 16 points behind Kimi Räikkönen .
At the , Schumacher finished sixth before a fourth and seventh in the next two races in Korea and Brazil .
In Korea , Schumacher started the race from twelfth , and was well within the points scoring positions when he was hit from behind by Vitaly Petrov , forcing both drivers to retire .
He won the Laureus World Sportsman of the Year award twice , in 2002 and 2004 for his performances in the and seasons respectively .
He has also received nominations for the 2001 , 2003 , 2005 and 2007 awards .
The " nocturnal " quality of Davis ' playing and his somber reputation , along with his whispering voice , earned him the lasting moniker of " prince of darkness " , adding a patina of mystery to his public persona .
In 1959 , the Miles Davis Quintet was appearing at the famous Birdland nightclub in New York City .
Witnesses said that Kilduff punched Davis in the stomach with his nightstick without provocation .
After a quick study of radiology , anatomy and automotive mechanics she procured x-ray equipment , vehicles , auxiliary generators and developed mobile radiography units , which came to be popularly known as petites Curies ( " Little Curies " ) .
Led by Curie , the Institute produced four more Nobel Prize winners , including her daughter Irène Joliot-Curie and her son-in-law , Frédéric Joliot-Curie .
Greer Garson and Walter Pidgeon starred in the 1943 U.S. Oscar-nominated film , Madame Curie , based on her life .
He went on to join Robert Atkin 's Shakespearean company in Regent 's Park , London , until he was called up for service in the RAF .
Unknown to him , an RAF conscription notice had been following him for a month as his company toured .
The Max Headroom broadcast signal intrusion incident involved someone dressed as Max Headroom interrupting the signals of Chicago television stations WGN-TV and WTTW .
He described his own belief as philosophical theism inspired by the theology of the philosopher Miguel de Unamuno .
Two Hearts ; break-up ( 1984 – 1986 ) In 1984 , the band took a long break as members pursued other interests and recovered from the two years of constant touring they 'd done in support of both albums .
Meconium can be tested for various drugs , to check for in utero exposure .
Terminal meconium Most of the time that the amniotic fluid is stained with meconium it will be homogeneously distributed throughout the fluid making it brown .
( I doubt that anyone , except perhaps the nineteenth-century critic Hanslick , has ever really believed that , although some musicians have been goaded into proclaiming it by the sillier interpretations of music with which we are often assailed . ) '
Techniques In theaters Television and radio Internet Print Merchandising Promotional tour Film actors , directors , and producers appear for television , radio , and print media interview s , sometimes showing a clip from the film or an outtake .
The song has occasionally been revived to " greet " Thatcher 's public outings following her resignation as Prime Minister , but with the word " gone " substituted for " out " .
Colonial interest only increased when petroleum was discovered south of Manama in the centre of the island and first extracted in 1931 .
The widening of roads in the old districts of Manama and the development of a national network linking the capital to other settlements commenced as early as the arrival of the first car in 1914 .
Some bus routes link to other towns such as Muharraq and Isa Town .
At the end of 1944 , 91 aircraft had been delivered to JG 400 but a continuous lack of fuel had kept most of them grounded .
There are two separate concourses in Terminal B ; the south concourse is mainly used by US Airways and the north one is mostly used by American Airlines .
Phillpott said that Shaffer was " relying on my recollection 100 percent , " and the Defense Department Inspector General 's report indicated that Philpott " may have exaggerated knowing Atta 's identity because he supported using Able Danger 's techniques to fight terrorism . "
Changing to a tricycle arrangement ( initially a fixed undercarriage on the fifth prototype ( V5 ) , with fully retractable on V6 ( with Stammkennzeichen code VI+AA ) and subsequent aircraft ) corrected this problem .
Many issues were debated , including the treatment " nationals " as well as " fair employment " and self-criticism .
During the fall mating season , bull moose may be aggressive toward humans due to the high hormone levels they experience .
Like its relatives , Odocoileus and Capreolus , the genus Alces gave rise to very few species which endured for long periods of time .
This decentralized system was necessary due to the social order of the time , but could lead to motley forces with variable training , equipment and abilities .
Vikings The Viking s were a feared force in Europe because of their savagery and speed of their attacks .
Chainmail , lamellar armour and coat of plates were the usual Scandinavian infantry armour before the era of plate armour .
A number of Moroccan football clubs are located here including Najm de Marrakech , KAC Marrakech , Mouloudia de Marrakech and Chez Ali Club de Marrakech .
Officials in Mazar-i-Sharif reported that between 20 to 30 Afghan tribal elders have been assassinated in Balkh Province in the last several years .
Revolution and exile Revolution came to Russia in March 1917 .
The simulation of grime , rust , dirt , and wear add realism .
In classical antiquity , mirrors were made of solid metal ( bronze , later silver ) and were too expensive for widespread use by common people ; they were also prone to corrosion .
The Diwata Mountains , north of these low points , are considerably higher and more rugged , reaching an elevation of 2,012 meters in Mount Hilonghilong , along the eastern portion of Cabadbaran City .
Since Maeshowe is the largest and most sophisticated example of the Maeshowe " type " of tomb , archaeologists have suggested that it is the last of its class , built around .
They agreed among themselves to criteria that made it easier for other dependent states with limited sovereignty to gain international recognition . "
The European Union , in the principal statement of its Badinter Committee , follows the Montevideo Convention in its definition of a state : by having a territory , a population , and a political authority .
This is evident , as the treatment dosage is much too low to fight infection , and in DPB cases with the occurrence of the macrolide-resistant bacterium Pseudomonas aeruginosa , macrolide therapy still produces substantial anti-inflammatory results .
For example , would tell the browser that the page " expires " on June 21 , 2006 at 14:25:27 GMT and that it may safely cache the page until then .
Go Nagai is also often credited with inventing this in 1974 with the television series Getter Robo .
Career After some TV commercial and radio appearances , including the CBS Radio Mystery Theater in 1974 , Patinkin had his first success in musical theater , where he played the part of Che in Evita on Broadway in 1979 .
This led to two corneal transplants , his right cornea in 1997 and his left in 1998 .
Famously , she visited Rwanda where she brought world attention to the suffering in that state in the aftermath of its civil war .
Musical theatre writer Andrew Lamb notes , " The triumph of American works over European in the first decades of the twentieth century came about against a changing social background .
It was the first " blockbuster " Broadway show , running a total of 2,212 performances , and was made into a hit film .
Conversely , Avenue Q , The 25th Annual Putnam County Spelling Bee and Xanadu , among others , have been presented in smaller-scale productions , mostly uninterrupted by an intermission , with short running times , and enjoyed financial success .
South Africa has an active musical theatre scene , with revues like African Footprint and Umoja and book musicals , such as Kat and the Kings and Sarafina !
touring internationally .
The parameters are often the x and y coordinates of the origin of a coordinate frame in M measured from the origin of a coordinate frame in F , and the angle measured from the x-axis in F to the x-axis in M. This is described saying a body in the plane has three degrees-of-freedom .
Other examples of spherical mechanisms are the automotive differential and the robotic wrist .
Arbitration typically proceeds faster than court and typically at a lower cost .
In Singapore , misdemeanors generally are sentenced to months of jail sentence but with individual crimes suspects are sentenced to a harsher sentence .
He organized two devastating invasions to Saxony in 1028 and 1030 .
The belief that the baptism was accomplished through the Czechs in order to avoid the dependence on Germany and the German Church is incorrect , because Bohemia would not have its own church organization until 973 .
Bohemia resumed its earlier alliance with the Lutici , which caused in 990 a war with Mieszko , who was supported by Empress Theophanu .
In the same year he took part in a joint expedition with the young king to Brandenburg .
On 24 July 1567 , she was forced to abdicate in favour of James , her one-year-old son by Darnley .
Catholics considered the marriage unlawful , since they did not recognise Bothwell 's divorce or the validity of the Protestant service .
Loarn was supposedly the brother of Fergus Mór , whom the descendants of Kenneth claimed as an ancestor .
Thorfinn , the saga says , then marched south through Scotland as far as Fife , burning and plundering as he passed .
Experts in pain management attribute the under-distribution of morphine to an unwarranted fear of the drug 's potential for addiction and abuse .
Thane Southern Indian Marathi Thanjavur Marathi , Namdev shimpi Marathi and Bhavsar Marathi are spoken by many Maharashtrians in Southern India .
Russian author Lev Bezymenski wrote that Axmann ’s statements had " the apparent aim of convincing the world that the Reichsleiter had been killed . "
Microtubules are nucleated and organized in microtubule organizing centre s ( MTOCs ) , such as the centrosome or the basal bodies found in cilia and flagella .
Vietnam Militia has 2 branches : Cored Militia ( Dân quân Tực vệ nòng cốt ) and General Militia ( Dân quân Tự vệ rộng rãi ) .
64.14 % of the people are employed in agriculture and allied activities .
Mumbai , the capital of Maharashtra and the financial capital of India , houses the headquarters of all major banks , financial institutions , insurance companies , leading airlines in India .
The BARC operates CIRUS , a 40 MW nuclear research reactor at their facility in Trombay .
Nagpur is the headquarter for Hindu nationalist organisation Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh ( RSS ) and an important location for the Dalit Buddhist movement .
On Dasara , people cross the borders of their places ( Seemollanghan ) and collect the leaves of Apta tree ( आपट्याची पाने ) and exchange among their friends and relatives as gold ( सोने म्हणून आपट्याची पाने देतात ) .
This was compounded by him curtailing the privileges they had enjoyed under Caracalla and the introduction of a pay system by which recruits received less than veterans .
The ruins of Minos ' palace at Knossos have been found , but the labyrinth has not .
Mountain Lion also includes more Chinese features including support for Baidu as an option for Safari search engine , QQ , 163 .
References Further reading
The evolutionary course of Equidae ( wide family including all horses and related animals ) is often viewed as a typical example of macroevolution .
The version later appeared on the soundtrack to the 1989 Wes Craven horror movie Shocker .
In 2010 , Megadeth did a month-long minitour for The 20-year anniversary of Rust in Peace .
Instead , the band played two shows in Arizona in November which were filmed and later released as Rude Awakening , Megadeth 's first official live release .
In an October 2010 interview with Crypt Magazine , Shawn Drover stated plans for another Megadeth album : " Yeah , we ’re certainly talking about it .
La Marle suggests that the name mwi-nu ( Minos ) is expected to mean ' ascetic ' as Sanskrit muni , and fits this explanation to the legend about Minos sometimes living in caves on Crete .
Another snake came for the first , and after seeing its mate dead , the second serpent left and brought back an herb which brought the first snake back to life .
This continued until Theseus killed the Minotaur with the help of Ariadne , Minos ' lovestruck daughter .
Ancient writers are not agreed as to what these other countries are .
In April 2006 , it was announced in the scientific journal Nature that the oldest ( and first early Neolithic ) evidence in human history for the drilling of teeth in vivo ( i.e. in a living person ) was found in Mehrgarh .
They later acquired the rights to this software .
J-type ( jump ) and I-type ( immediate ) instructions are fully specified by op .
As compared to placebo , modafinil did not reduce cocaine craving or self-reported cocaine use , and the physicians ratings were only insignificantly better .
In brief , God is the Power in the cosmos that gives human life the direction that enables the human being to reflect the image of God .
Sanger 's sisters paid the tuition for her to attend Claverack College , a boarding school in Claverack , New York , for two years .
However , Sanger was opposed to excessive sexual indulgence .
She was styled " The Lady Mary " rather than Princess , and her place in the line of succession was transferred to her newborn half-sister , Elizabeth , Anne 's daughter .
Bickel argues that Marshall 's argument implies an unrealistically mechanical view of jurisprudence , one which suggests that the Court has an absolute duty to strike down every law it finds violative of the Constitution .
Recent excavations have found other examples .
All of it is one piece of hammered work , of pure gold .
A menorah appears in the coat of arms of the State of Israel , based on the depiction of the menorah on the Arch of Titus .
Muslim Brotherhood 's presidential finalist Mohamed Morsi met Hamdeen Sabbahi , Abdel-Moneim Abul-Fotouh and Khaled Ali-who are the former presidential candidates - on Monday to discuss the verdict and the upcoming presidential election runoff .
Then quite unexpectedly we were told that he was dead . "
Current European route s that pass through Montenegro are E65 and E80 .
In rock and popular music examples of songs in Aeolian include The Moody Blues ' " Nights in White Satin " , Blondie 's " Call Me " , Spinal Tap 's " Lick My Love Pump " , and Chicago 's " 25 Or 6 To 4 " .
Living in Warsaw , Begin encouraged Betar to set up an organization to bring Polish Jews to Palestine .
In December 1942 he left Ander 's Army and joined the Irgun .
Begin arrived there unconscious and paralyzed on the left side of his body .
A reverse merger occurs when a privately held company ( often one that has strong prospects and is eager to raise financing ) buys a publicly listed shell company , usually one with no business and limited assets .
Nine states ( California , Connecticut , Iowa , Florida , Kansas , Minnesota , Utah , Virginia and Massachusetts ) and the District of Columbia ( which had been pursuing the case together with the DOJ ) did not agree with the settlement , arguing that it did not go far enough to curb Microsoft 's anti-competitive business practices .
Many major online street mapping services ( Bing Maps , OpenStreetMap , Google Maps , MapQuest , Yahoo Maps , and others ) use a variant of the Mercator projection for their map images .
Casting Lynch cast Naomi Watts and Laura Elena Harring by their photographs .
Describing the transition from an open-ended pilot to a feature film with a resolution of sorts , Lynch said , " One night , I sat down , the ideas came in , and it was a most beautiful experience .
David Lynch lives near Mulholland Drive , and stated in an interview , " At night , you ride on the top of the world .
In Rolling Stone , Peter Travers observed , " Mulholland Drive makes movies feel alive again .
After the resurrection and both say that Jesus ' first post-resurrection appearance was to Mary Magdalene alone .
If the foregoing argument holds good , Mary of Bethany and the " sinner " are one and the same .
He added that " chickens coming home to roost never did make me sad ; they 've always made me glad . "
In 1997 , Oakland Avenue in Dallas , Texas , was renamed Malcolm X Boulevard .
This guarantee of many freedoms was the impetus that created the two original Old Colony settlements near Patos Nuevo Ideal , Durango , Cuauhtémoc , Chihuahua and La Honda , Zacatecas as well as many communities in Aguascalientes .
Merlin is a legendary figure best known as the wizard featured in the Arthurian legend .
The standard depiction of the character first appears in Geoffrey of Monmouth 's Historia Regum Britanniae , written c. 1136 , and is based on an amalgamation of previous historical and legendary figures .
Later , in Chapterhouse Dune , the Duncan ghola speaks to the Bene Gesserit Reverend Mother Bellonda and recalls his past incarnation from the time of Leto II : Bellonda retrieves the following information from Other Memory : Origins The origin of the first Mentat is later explored in the Legends of Dune ( 2002 – 2004 ) prequel s written by Kevin J. Anderson and Brian Herbert .
Tuning systems A tuning system is the system used to define which tones , or pitch es , to use when playing music .
It is not clear if he ever published any of these results in the primary scientific literature .
However , the early Earth may have had significant amounts of iron and carbonate minerals able to neutralize the effects of the nitrites .
The iconic scenes of Mithras show him being born from a rock , slaughtering a bull , and sharing a banquet with the god Sol ( the Sun ) .
On some occasions , an amphora is seen , and a few instances show variations like an egg birth or a tree birth .
Michael Speidel associates Mithras with the Sun god Orion .
The Moxie Man had appeared on Moxie labels since the beverage was first sold .
Operation In the type known as a shuttle magneto , the engine rotates a coil of wire between the poles of a magnet .
This was always in the host segment which followed the first commercial break .
Light/button signsDuring the host segments , a set of three spinning lights are located on the table ( to the viewer 's left ) and above the door to the theater .
Other licensed MMORPGs include The Matrix Online , based on the Matrix trilogy of films , Warhammer Online : Age of Reckoning , based on Games Workshop 's table top game , Star Wars Galaxies , Star Wars The Old Republic , Champions Online and Age of Conan .
That is , by definition , One can similarly replace m with negative infinity , and define : provided both limits exist .
In 1924 , Meher Baba created a resident school at Meherabad that he named the " Prem Ashram " ( in several languages " prem " means " love " ) .
He conveyed that although the work was draining and exhausting , it was done on behalf of the spiritual welfare of all humanity .
See also Notes References External links
In chronicles , poems , sermons , even in legal documents , an immense sadness , a note of despair and a fashionable sense of suffering and deliquescence at the approaching end of times , suffuses court poets and chroniclers alike : Huizinga quotes instances in the ballads of Eustache Deschamps , " monotonous and gloomy variations of the same dismal theme " , and in Georges Chastellain 's prologue to his Burgundian chronicle , and in the late fifteenth-century poetry of Jean Meschinot .
Mimosa can be distinguished from the large related genera , Acacia and Albizia , since its flowers have 10 or fewer stamen s. Note that , botanically , what appears to be a single globular flower is actually a cluster of many individual ones .
Its main ingredients are rice , barley , and a small quantity of soybeans .
MV Buffalo Soldier ( T-AK-9301 ) is a roll-on/roll-off ship , formerly of the French Government Line ( now merged into CMA CGM ) .
She was sold and re flag ged US , renamed to honor Buffalo Soldiers , and chartered by the United States Navy Military Sealift Command as a Maritime Prepositioning ship serving at Diego Garcia laden with U.S. Air Force munitions .
At that time the Nooksack River is believed to have drained north into the Fraser River ; it is therefore unlikely that this lahar reached Bellingham Bay .
At 14:48 near the city of Gdov one of the pilots observed a white sport plane similar to a Yakovlev Yak-12 and asked for permission to engage , but was denied .
To install backdoors crackers may use Trojan horses , worms , or other methods .
If the file is considered a malware by the scanner , the access operation will be stopped , the file will be dealt by the scanner in pre-defined way ( how the Anti-virus program was configured during/post installation ) and the user will be notified .
Muralitharan had previously held the record when he surpassed Courtney Walsh 's 519 wickets in 2004 , but he suffered a shoulder injury later that year and was then overtaken by Warne .
Muralitharan 's grandmother had died one month earlier at the age of 97 .
The learning algorithm is able to memorize the training examples without generalizing well .
The project used some of the code from both the Omega project and a pre-release version of Visual Basic .
An additional solution , the SQL Server Migration Assistant for Access ( SSMA ) , is also available for download from Microsoft .
Tertullian , Commodian , Lactantius , Methodius , and Apollinaris of Laodicea all advocated premillennial doctrine .
These programs are typically designed for use by non-programmers , and create Flash content quickly and easily , but can not actually edit the underlying Flash code ( i.e. the tweening and transforms , etc. ) Screencam is perhaps the oldest screencasting authoring tool to adopt Flash as the preferred output format , having been developed since the mid-90s .
One estimate is that 95 % of PCs have it , while Adobe claims that 98 percent of U.S. web users and 99.3 percent of all Internet desktop users have installed their Flash Player , with 92 to 95 % ( depending on region ) having the latest version .
= = Alternatives = = = = = HTML5 = = = HTML5 is often cited as an alternative to Adobe Flash technology usage on web pages .
This idea is supported by Albert L. Weeks .
Mobile was one of eighteen United States cities producing Liberty ships .
The Mobile Municipal Archives contains the extant records of the City of Mobile , dating from the city 's creation as a municipality by the Mississippi Territory in 1814 .
The permanent exhibits include the African and Asian Collection Gallery , Altmayer Gallery ( American art ) , Katharine C. Cochrane Gallery of American Fine Art , Maisel European Gallery , Riddick Glass Gallery , Smith Crafts Gallery , and the Ann B. Hearin Gallery ( contemporary works ) .
The Bragg-Mitchell Mansion ( 1855 ) , Richards DAR House ( 1860 ) , and the Condé-Charlotte House ( 1822 ) are historic , furnished antebellum house museums .
Healthcare Mobile serves the central Gulf Coast as a regional center for medicine , with over 850 physicians and 175 dentists .
The racemic hydrochloride is the only form available in most countries , such as the Netherlands , Belgium , France and in the United States , as of March 2008 .
In practice much lower thresholds were maintained even though the optimal dose varies greatly between patients , often quite higher than this and with no inherent threshold in the possible dose , as the toxic dose for patients with very high tolerance can exceed this tenfold or more .
Also , with the various licensed films being released beginning in 1997 , various publishers put out movie novelizations .
Meritocracy as a concept spread from China to British India during the seventeenth century , and then into continental Europe and the United States .
Vitaly Ginzburg , a Soviet physicist , wrote that the " Bolshevik communists were not merely atheists but , according to Lenin 's terminology , militant atheist s. " Therefore , many Marxist-Leninist states , historically and currently , are also atheist states .
Importantly , Lenin declared that the development of socialism would not be able to be pursued in the manner originally thought by Marxists .
Nonetheless , many observers , such as Jack F. Matlock Jr. ( despite generally praising Gorbachev as well as Reagan ) , have criticized Gorbachev for taking too long to achieve withdrawal from the Afghanistan War , citing it as an example of lingering elements of ' old thinking ' in Gorbachev .
On 11 October 1986 , Gorbachev and Reagan met at Höfði house in Reykjavík , Iceland , to discuss reducing intermediate-range nuclear weapons in Europe .
Following Boris Yeltsin 's death on 23 April 2007 , Gorbachev released a eulogy for him , stating that Yeltsin was to be commended for assuming the " difficult task of leading the nation into the post-Soviet era " , and " on whose shoulders are both great deeds for the country and serious errors . "
The war between the two had started after two Majesdanians , Frank and Leslie Dean of The Pride had been kicked out for criminal activities ; the two travelled to Earth , where Frank and Leslie stopped the war against Earth in exchange for giving the Skrulls the location of Majesdane , which was hidden behind the corona of a white dwarf .
Phyllis 's third child , and Nesmith 's fourth , daughter Jessica , was born in September 1970 .
The UK tour would be the last appearance of all four Monkees performing together .
Aggression increases with each change .
Thus the initial input change circulates along the feedback loop and grows in an avalanche-like manner until finally Q1 switches off and Q2 switches on .
Some microcontrollers have environments to aid developing certain types of applications .
Issues include both reducing the latency , and making it be more predictable ( to support real-time control ) .
Michelangelo returned to Florence but received no commissions from the new city government under Savonarola .
These habits may have made him unpopular .
Mach is an operating system kernel developed at Carnegie Mellon University to support operating system research , primarily distributed and parallel computation .
Although Mach is often mentioned as one of the earliest examples of a microkernel , not all versions of Mach are microkernels .
It became clear early that UNIX 's concept of everything-as-a-file might not be fast enough on modern systems , although some systems such as Plan 9 from Bell Labs have tried this way .
Additionally most of the operating system functionality was to be located in user-space programs , so this meant there needed to be some way for the kernel to grant these programs additional privileges , to operate on hardware for instance .
In practice , any benefits it had were wiped out by the expensive IPC needed to call it in .
If an officer were incapable , even if he were a close relative of the ruler , he ought to be demoted , even if it meant poverty .
After trying unsuccessfully to attempt suicide , Heidi goes on a shooting spree and kills many of the cast .
US 66 was particularly problematic as the old route number was often moved to the new road as soon as the bypasses were constructed , while Highway Beautification Act restrictions left existing properties with no means to obtain signage on the newly constructed freeway .
Specifically , mica is unusual in that it is a good electrical insulator at the same time as being a good thermal conductor .
The king made sure they received a good education which focused on the Egyptian language .
A failed test of the weapon led to the original accident .
The IRS alleges that Cage failed to pay over $ 6.2 million in federal income tax for the year 2007 .
Napster was n't able to comply to this and thus had to close down its service in July 2001 .
The sanctioning body hosted its first event at Daytona Beach on February 15 , 1948 .
At the receiver 's end , the data needed to be decoded by the user 's news client .
There was a rapid growth of alt .
* ) that can be found on many news servers .
This had been agreed in the Two Plus Four Treaty earlier in the year .
History Various Algonquian ( Abenaki and Pennacook ) tribes inhabited the area prior to European settlement .
Economy The Bureau of Economic Analysis estimates that New Hampshire 's total state product in 2008 was $ 60 billion , ranking 40th in the United States .
In 2011 , the US has an estimated per capita gross domestic product ( PPP ) of $ 47,200 , and is the most technologically developed economy in North America .
Chemical properties The noble gases are colorless , odorless , tasteless , and nonflammable under standard conditions .
As an example , the table to the right lists the 2004 prices in the United States for laboratory quantities of each gas .
Common arguments in favor of regulation include the desire to control market power , facilitate competition , promote investment or system expansion , or stabilize markets .
On 8 December 1941 , the Netherlands declared war on Japan .
This was achieved by raising of outer sea-dykes and of inner , canal , and river dikes , and by closing off the sea estuaries of the Zeeland province .
Rijsttafel a colonial culinary concept and dishes such as Nasi goreng and sateh are very popular in the Netherlands .
New wave soundtracks were used in mainstream " Brat Pack " films such as Valley Girl , Sixteen Candles , Pretty In Pink , and The Breakfast Club .
Cycling infrastructure is comprehensive .
Numerous motorways have peak lanes , and plus lanes are extra lanes in the median , which can be opened to traffic in case of congestion .
Nanook of the North ( also known as Nanook of the North : A Story Of Life and Love In the Actual Arctic ) is a 1922 silent documentary film by Robert J. Flaherty .
Nitrogen gas was inert enough that Antoine Lavoisier referred to it as " " or azote , from the Greek word ( azotos ) meaning " lifeless " .
In a chemical laboratory it is prepared by treating an aqueous solution of ammonium chloride with sodium nitrite .
There exist some relatively uncommon nitrogen minerals , such as saltpetre ( potassium nitrate ) , Chile saltpetre ( sodium nitrate ) and sal ammoniac ( ammonium chloride ) .
With respect to the color of the grass , the shirt and Kermit , one of their parts is identical .
Biodiversity and conservation Due to the heavy human populations and high level of industrialization along its shores , the wildlife of the North Sea has suffered from pollution , overhunting , and overfishing .
After leaving Washington , Nancy made numerous public appearances , many on behalf of her husband .
Though some speculation arose as to whether Reagan might support New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg in a presidential bid , nothing came of it .
On September 27 , 2010 , the Progressive Conservatives won a large majority with 42 out of 55 seats by taking 16 formerly Liberal seats , making David Alward the new Premier of New Brunswick .
The Province has also produced numerous athletes such as Sidney Crosby ( hockey ) , Brad Marchand ( hockey ) , Colleen Jones ( curling ) , Al MacInnis ( hockey ) , Rocky Johnson ( wrestling ) and George Dixon ( boxer ) .
The Northwest Territories ' official languages are shown in bold .
They relied heavily on q 'em es or camas gathered in the region between the Salmon and Clearwater River drainages as a food source .
By about 6,900 – 6,400 BC , it included domesticated cattle and pig s , the establishment of permanently or seasonally inhabited settlements , and the use of pottery .
Southern Mesopotamia Alluvial plains ( Sumer / Elam ) .
Elaborate tomb s were built for the dead .
It also manufactures some Wii games locally .
The Los Angeles home territory has no team , but is " owned and controlled " by the league .
Romani were shipped to concentration camps starting in 1935 and were killed in large numbers .
The Northwest Passage represented a new route to the established trading nations of Asia , as in 1493 to defuse trade disputes , Pope Alexander VI split the discovered world in two between Spain and Portugal ; thus France , the Netherlands , and England were left without a sea route to Asia , either via Africa or South America , unless their ships defied the ban and explored such waters regardless ( they did , and the ban became unenforceable ) .
His mission was to discover the Northwest Passage to the Indies and China .
While the Manhattan succeeded , the route was deemed not to be cost effective , and the Alaska Pipeline was built instead .
Effects of climate change In the summer of 2000 , two Canadian ships took advantage of thinning summer ice cover on the Arctic Ocean to make the crossing .
In 2008 , the " American State Litter Scorecard , " presented at the American Society for Public Administration national conference , positioned Nevada next to Mississippi and Louisiana as one of the worst states for removing litter from public roadways and properties .
Since the 1990s , archeologists have explored and dated eleven Middle Archaic sites in present-day Louisiana and Florida at which early cultures built complexes with multiple earthwork mound s ; they were societies of hunter-gatherers rather than the settled agriculturalists believed necessary according to the theory of Neolithic Revolution to sustain such large villages over long periods .
Living as simple farmers , they raised corn and beans .
21st century In 2013 jurisdiction over persons who were not tribal members under the Violence Against Women Act was extended to Indian Country .
Some academics believe that the term Indian should be considered outdated or offensive .
In addition , in matrilineal culture , the mother 's brother was the leading male figure in a male child 's life , as he mentored the child within the mother 's clan .
Among the Five Civilized Tribes , mixed-race slaveholders were generally part of an elite hierarchy , often based on their mothers ' clan status , as the societies had matrilineal systems .
Botox injections also provide short-term relief .
Relationship to clinical neurophysiology In some countries , e.g. USA and Germany , neurologists may specialize in clinical neurophysiology , the field responsible for EEG , nerve conduction studies , EMG and evoked potentials .
Section 6 of the Niue Constitution Act provides that : " Nothing in this Act or in the Constitution shall affect the responsibilities of Her Majesty the Queen in right of New Zealand for the external affairs and defence of Niue . "
nu domain names to fund low-cost or free Internet services for the people of Niue .
Two percent of the population are Jehovah 's Witnesses , the second-highest proportion in the world ( after St. Helena ) .
However they were not core founding members of the group and within a few months Nirvana had reverted to its original two-person lineup .
It is to be distinguished from peaceful moods arising from a temporary absence of anger , sensual desire , anxiety and other afflicting states ( kleshas ) .
This reordering is made possible through the cultivation of special states of absorbed concentration called jhānas .
It is believed to be the forerunner of the famous Kizhi Pogost .
These houses were family homesteads where several generations lived together , with people and cattle under one roof .
Another notable film is Flåklypa Grand Prix ( English : Pinchcliffe Grand Prix ) , an animated feature film directed by Ivo Caprino .
Even in its first year , " Musikkens Dag " gathered thousands of people and artists in the streets of Oslo . "
Nokia Corporation ( , ; , ) ( , ) is a Finnish multinational communications and information technology corporation that is headquartered in Keilaniemi , Espoo , Finland .
Its principal products are mobile telephone s and portable IT devices .
In 2009 , Nokia also unveiled the 7705 Twist , a phone sporting a square shape that swiveled open to reveal a full QWERTY keypad , featuring a 3 megapixel camera , web browsing , voice commands and weighting around .
The Nokia 808 PureView has a 41 megapixel camera , more than any other smartphone on the market .
Rumours continued to persist of Nortel 's poor financial health , amid the late 2000s recession , and its bids for government funds were turned down .
Products Nortel made telecommunications , computer network equipment and software .
2003 compensation In 2003 Nortel paid tens of millions of dollars in so-called " return to profitability " bonuses , largely to a select group of senior managers .
At some point the sediments raised the riverbed sufficiently for the river to overflow westward into a depression to create Lake Moeris .
Cognitive and behavioral neuroscience At the cognitive level , cognitive neuroscience addresses the questions of how psychological functions are produced by neural circuitry .
For many years , Armstrong turned down biography offers from authors such as Stephen Ambrose and James A. Michener , but agreed to work with James R. Hansen after reading one of Hansen 's other biographies .
Division of Korea ( 1945 ) After the surrender of Japan at the end of World War II , Japanese rule was brought to an end .
It conducted a number of military campaigns against left-wing insurgents during which 30,000 to 100,000 people lost their lives .
Myers is dismissive of the idea that juche is North Korea 's leading ideology , regarding its public exaltation as designed to deceive foreigners .
Cars are relatively rare , but some 70 % of households used bicycle s , which also play an increasingly important role in small-scale private trade .
While Kim Il-sung was visiting Moscow to personally meet with Khrushchev that August , a group of his opponents tried to seize control of the government in Pyongyang .
In 2001 the DPRK received nearly $ 300 million USD in food aid from the U.S. , South Korea , Japan , and the European Union , plus much additional aid from the United Nations and non-governmental organizations .
China ’s investments increased to $ 200 million in 2004 .
Long winters bring bitter cold and clear weather interspersed with snow storms as a result of northern and northwestern winds that blow from Siberia .
With this new ideology that reinforced North Korea 's unique statism and nationalism , Kim Jong-il could avoid internal complaints and an external crisis .
Investors are offered preferential tax terms and facilities .
In the early 1990s , there also were reports of severe food shortages .
Economic planning North Korea , one of the world 's most centrally planned and isolated economies , faces desperate economic conditions .
Further growth would only be attained by increasing efficiency and technological progress .
The construction was completed in 2007 .
The North Korean Songun ( " Military First " ) policy elevates the KPA to the primary position in the government and society .
In conclusion , foreign policy decision making is based on various government bodies ' decision .
The prime ministerial talks resulted in two major agreements : the Agreement on Reconciliation , Nonaggression , Exchanges , and Cooperation ( the Basic Agreement ) and the Declaration on the Denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula ( the Joint Declaration ) .
U.S. intelligence officials informed members of the United States Congress on 24 April 2008 , of their beliefthat North Korea was assisting Syria with the construction of a major nuclear facility , which was destroyed by Israel i planes in September 2007 .
Then , in 2001 , during the administration of Brazilian President Fernando Henrique Cardoso , and Kim Jong-il being the supreme leader of North Korea , diplomatic relations were quietly established between North Korea and Brazil .
The Council on Foreign Relations suggests that the PRC 's main priority in its bilateral relations with the DPRK is to prevent the collapse of Kim Jong-Un 's government , concerned that such an event would provoke a surge of North Korean refugees into China .
The contract stipulates the following : In the 1950s , border trade between China and DPRK reached as high as 7.56 million Chinese renminbi .
Northern Ireland was for many years the site of a violent and bitter inter-communal conflict – the Troubles – which was caused by divisions between nationalists , who see themselves as Irish and are predominantly Roman Catholic , and unionists , who see themselves as British and are predominantly Protestant .
The internationally renowned author Knut Hamsun , though never a member , was a well-known sympathiser .
Nickel-56 is produced by the silicon burning process and later set free in large quantities during type Ia supernova e. The shape of the light curve of these supernovae at intermediate to late-times corresponds to the decay via electron capture of nickel-56 to cobalt -56 and ultimately to iron-56 .
On heating , the complex decomposes back to nickel and carbon monoxide : This behavior is exploited in the Mond process for purifying nickel , as described above .
Brazil is the leading producer of niobium and ferroniobium , an alloy of niobium and iron .
This was a compromise of sorts ; the IUPAC accepted tungsten instead of wolfram , in deference to North American usage ; and niobium instead of columbium , in deference to European usage .
Occurrence Niobium is estimated to be the 33rd most common element in the Earth ’s crust , with 20 ppm .
Niobium treated with sodium hydroxide forms a porous layer that aids osseointegration .
Confidence in these results was later diminished .
The convection between the relatively warm water and cold air in the winter plays an important role in the Arctic climate .
Mammals and birds Significant numbers of minke , humpback , sei , and orca whales are present in the Norwegian Sea , and white-beaked dolphin s occur in the coastal waters .
Systematic oceanographic research in the Norwegian Sea started in the late 19th century , when declines in the yields of cod and herring off the Lofoten prompted the Norwegian government to investigate the matter .
After the castle had been destroyed by fire in 1420 during a feud between Frederick IV ( since 1417 margrave of Brandenburg ) and the duke of Bavaria-Ingolstadt , the ruins and the forest belonging to the castle were purchased by the city ( 1427 ) , resulting in the city 's total sovereignty within its borders .
Perhaps most famously , the main part of Nicolaus Copernicus 's work was published in Nuremberg in 1543 .
It gained independence from South Africa on 21 March 1990 , following the Namibian War of Independence .
Military Namibia does not have any enemies in the region but consistently spends more on its military than all of its neighbours , except Angola .
Largest cities Religion The Christian community makes up 80 % – 90 % of the population of Namibia , with at least 50 % of these Lutheran .
The public broadcaster offers a TV station as well as a " National Radio " in English and nine language services in locally spoken languages .
During the South African occupation of Namibia , Ethiopia was one of the country 's leading proponents abroad ; Ethiopia and Liberia were the first two states to bring the question of independence for then South West Africa to the United Nations .
Land tenure in Nauru is unusual : all Naurans have certain rights to all land on the island , which is owned by individuals and family groups ; government and corporate entities do not own land and must enter into a lease arrangement with the landowners to use land .
This agreement , referred to as the " Pacific Solution " , came to an end in 2007 , prompting Nauruan concerns about the future of the island 's revenue .
It reaches an elevation of at Dunning Hill south of the lighthouse , Navassa Island Light .
The Department ’s opinion said that Navassa is and remains a U.S. possession “ appertaining to ” the United States and is “ unavailable to be claimed ” under the Guano Islands .
The Hill region ends dramatically where the main Himalayan Range abruptly rises thousands of meters .
Nepali in Hong Kong Nepal i people in Hong Kong are mainly the children of ex - Gurkha s born in Hong Kong during their parents ' service with the British Army 's Brigade of Gurkhas , which was based in Hong Kong from the 1970s until the handover .
The UN - OHCHR , in response to events in Nepal , set up a monitoring program in 2005 to assess and observe the human rights situation there On 22 November 2005 , the Seven Party Alliance ( SPA ) of parliamentary parties and the Communist Party of Nepal ( Maoist ) agreed on a historic and unprecedented 12-point memorandum of understanding ( MOU ) for peace and democracy .
Statistics GDP : purchasing power parity - $ 31.09 billion ( 2008 est. ) GDP - real growth rate : 5.6 % ( 2008 est. ) GDP - per capita : purchasing power parity - $ 1,100 ( 2008 est. ) GDP - composition by sector : agriculture : 40 % industry : 20 % services : 40 % ( 2002 est. ) Mt. Everst Population below poverty line : 33 % ( 2007 ) Household income or consumption by percentage share : lowest 10 % : 3.2 % highest 10 % : 29.8 % ( 1995 – 96 ) Inflation rate ( consumer prices ) : 2.9 % ( 2002 est. ) Labour force : 10 million ( 1996 est. ) note : severe lack of skilled labourLabor force - by occupation : agriculture 81 % , services 16 % , industry 3 % Unemployment rate : 47 % ( 2001 est. ) Budget : revenues : $ 665 million expenditures : $ 1.1 billion , including capital expenditures of $ NA ( FY 99/00 est. ) Industries : tourism , carpet , textile ; small rice , jute , sugar , and oilseed mills ; cigarette ; cement and brick productionIndustrial production growth rate : 8.7 % ( FY 99/00 ) : Electricity - production : 1,755 GWh ( 2001 ) Electricity - production by source : fossil fuel : 8.5 % hydro : 91.5 % nuclear : 0 % other : 0 % ( 2001 ) Electricity - consumption : 1,764 GWh ( 2001 ) Electricity - exports : 95 GWh ( 2001 ) Electricity - imports : 227 GWh ( 2001 ) Oil - production : ( 2001 est. ) Oil - consumption : 2001Agriculture - products : rice , maize , wheat , sugarcane , root crops ; milk , domestic buffalo meatExports : $ 568 million f.o.b. , but does not include unrecorded border trade with India ( 2002 est. ) Exports - commodities : carpet s , clothing , leather goods , jute goods , grain Exports - partners : India 50.5 % , US 26 % , Germany 6.6 % ( 2003 est. ) Imports : $ 1.419 billion f.o.b. ( 2002 est. ) Imports - commodities : gold , machinery and equipment , petroleum products , fertilizerImports - partners : India 82.9 % , China 13.5 % , UAE 2.6 % , Singapore 2.1 % , Saudi Arabia 1.2 % .
During the stay in Berlin , he also visited the Konrad Adenauer Foundation and Friedrich Ebert Foundation and met their Chairman Prof. Dr. Bernhard Vogel , and Chairwoman Dr. Anke Fuchs respectively .
Both nations have since sought to expand trade , strategic and military cooperation .
It is speculated that New Caledonia separated from Australia roughly 65 million years ago , subsequently drifting in a north-easterly direction , reaching its present position about 50 million years ago .
New Caledonia also has the world 's oldest angiosperm , the Amborella which is at or near the base of the lineage of all flowering plants .
As of 1991 , of the land is irrigated .
Recent increases in interracial marriage s has resulted in the more people identifying with more than one ethnic group .
Maori population data only became more reliable in the 1930s when Maori were obliged to register births and deaths to in order to obtain government funded pensions .
However , in October 2003 , the House of Representatives passed legislation to end this right of appeal from 2004 , and to establish the Supreme Court of New Zealand in Wellington , which began hearings in July 2004 .
From 1984 – 1993 inflation averaged 9 % per year , New Zealand 's credit rating dropped twice , and foreign debt quadrupled .
OIC consent is based on a national interest determination , but no performance requirements are attached to foreign direct investment after consent is given .
Transport in New Zealand , with its mountainous topography and a relatively small population mostly located near its long coastline , has always faced many challenges .
Before Europeans arrived , Māori either walked or used watercraft on rivers or along the coasts .
In 1899-1902 New Zealand made its first contribution to an external war , sending troops to fight on the British side in the Second Boer War .
New Zealand forces did not participate in the 2003 invasion of Iraq , but a contingent of New Zealand army engineers assisted with reconstruction work in Iraq in the aftermath of the war , being based in Basra .
Somoza was 35 at the time .
Sandinista supporters thus comprised three of the five members of the junta .
The US also sought to place economic pressure on the Sandinistas , and the Reagan administration imposed a full trade embargo .
Presidential election Cid Gallup Military The armed forces of Nicaragua consists of various military contingencies .
The principal products were garments , footwear , aluminum frames , and jewelry .
The back of each coin features the denomination , with the inscription En Dios Confiamos ( In God We Trust ) .
According to the Ministry of Tourism of Nicaragua ( INTUR ) , the colonial cities of León and Granada are the preferred spots for tourists .
The Nicaraguan accent dates back to the 16th century in Andalusia , and the relative isolation of Nicaragua meant that the accent did not change in the same ways that the Andalusian accent has .
The Mosquito Coast based on Bluefields on the Atlantic was claimed by the United Kingdom as a protectorate from 1655 to 1850 .
The Somoza family would rule until 1979 .
In 1968 , the World Health Organization found that polluted water led to 17 % of all Nicaraguan deaths .
According to the CIA World Factbook , Nicaragua has a population of 5,675,356 .
Growth was slow ( 3 % ) in 2001 due to a combination of factors ( a global recession , a series of bank failures , low coffee prices , and a drought ) , and in 2009 the economy actually contracted 1.5 % in reaction to the 2008 – 2012 global recession ) .
While the economy deteriorated over the course of the transition , certain accomplishments stand out , including the successful conduct of a constitutional referendum ; the adoption of key legislation such as the electoral and rural codes ; and the holding of several free , fair , and non-violent nationwide elections .
Rainfall varies and when it is insufficient , Niger has difficulty feeding its population and must rely on grain purchases and food aid to meet food requirements .
The numbers of Animist practitioners are a point of contention .
These include the Hausa-speaking Maouri ( or Azna , the Hausa word for " pagan " ) community in Dogondoutci in the south-southwest and the Kanuri speaking Manga near Zinder , both of whom practice variations of the pre-Islamic Hausa Maguzawa religion .
The French Fifth Republic passed a revision of the French Community allowing membership of independent states .
During his presidency , Diori 's government favored the maintenance of traditional social structures and the retention of close economic ties with France .
Diori gained worldwide respect for his role as a spokesman for African affairs and as a popular arbitrator in conflicts involving other African nations .
The Politburo and successive cabinents were made up almost exclusively of Djerma , Songhai and Maouri ethnic groups from the west of the country , the same ethnic base the French had promoted during colonial rule .
Niger saw heavy fighting and disruption of Uranium production in the mountainous north , before a Libyan backed peace deal , aided by a factional split among the rebels , brought a negotiated ceasefire and amnesty in May 2009 .
The PNDS led the opposition with 16 seats , but the continued antagonism between Mahamadou Issoufou and Mahamane Ousmane meant that no other coalition was available .
A poor nation , Niger 's transport system was little developed during the colonial period ( 1899 – 1960 ) , relying upon animal transport , human transport , and limited river transport in the far south west and south east .
The Niger Armed Forces ( ) ( FAN ) comprises both the military and national police services of the West African nation of Niger , totaling around 12,000 active personnel and 5,000 reservists .
While under civilian political control since 1999 , the military has played a major role in Nigerien government , ruling the nation for 21 years of the period from independence in 1960 to the founding of the Fifth Republic in 1999 .
In February 2013 , about 100 United States military personnel were deployed to Niger .
Each of these battalions comprises a logistics and engineering or genie sapeur company , an infantry company , be it airborne or land , an armoured squadron and an artillery company .
Lagos has grown from about 300,000 in 1950 to an estimated 15 million today , and the Nigerian government estimates that city will have expanded to 25 million residents by 2015 .
150-200 deaths ( current estimate ) .
In 2000 , oil and gas exports accounted for more than 98 % of export earnings and about 83 % of federal government revenue .
The majority of immigrants in Nigeria ( 74 % ) are from neighbouring Economic Community of West African States ( ECOWAS ) , and that this number has increased considerably over the last decade , from 63 % in 2001 to 97 % in 2005 .
Since independence , with Jaja Wachuku as the first Minister of Foreign Affairs and Commonwealth Relations , later called External Affairs , Nigeria n foreign policy has been characterized by a focus on Africa as a Regional power and by attachment to several fundamental principles : African unity and independence ; Capability to exercise hegemonic influence in the region : peaceful settlement of disputes ; nonalignment and nonintentional interference in the internal affairs of other nations ; and regional economic cooperation and development .
In carrying out these principles , Nigeria participates in the Organization of African Unity ( OAU ) now known as the African Union , the Economic Community of West African States ( ECOWAS ) , the Non-Aligned Movement , the Commonwealth , and the United Nations .
Niue had been offered autonomy in 1965 ( along with the Cook Islands , which accepted ) , but had asked for its autonomy to be deferred another decade .
The lowest point is at sea level , and the highest is an unnamed point near Mutalau settlement , at 68 m. Natural resources The island 's natural resources are fish and arable land .
International organization participation ACP ( Cotounu Convention ) , ESCAP ( associate ) , Intelsat ( nonsignatory user ) , PIF , Sparteca , SPC , UNESCO , WHO , WMO Local government Local Government in Niue is established under the provisions of the Niue Village Council Act 1967 .
Communications in Niue include postal , telephone , internet , press and radio .
Postal Postal services are through the Niue Post Office .
New settlers , primarily from the Philippines and the Caroline Islands , were brought to repopulate the islands .
They charge that this is nepotism carried out within the trappings of democracy .
However , the CNMI is outside the customs territory of the United States and , although the internal revenue code does apply in the form of a local income tax , the income tax system is largely locally determined .
Ministers are usually short-term visitors .
The Administrator may request the assistance of the Australian Defence Force if required .
The island is fully wooded .
Australian citizens must carry either a passport or a Document of Identity to travel to Norfolk Island .
Tatian , the Assyrian , created the Diatessaron , a gospel harmony written in Syriac around AD 170 and the earliest form of the gospel not only in Syriac but probably also in Armenian .
The 16th century saw the rise of Protestantism and an explosion of translations of the New ( and Old ) Testament into the vernacular .
Yog-Sothoth is the gate .
Works Novels Short fiction Other fiction projects Non-fiction References External links
While Gilbert emphasizes the similarities however , he agrees with all other commentators that Machiavelli was particularly novel in the way he used this genre , even when compared to his contemporaries such as Baldassare Castiglione and Erasmus .
Events Births Deaths Holidays and observances External links
Events Births Deaths Holidays and observances External links
Events Births Deaths Holidays and observances External links
Events Births Deaths Holidays and observances External links
Arthur Neville Chamberlain FRS ( 18 March 1869 – 9 November 1940 ) , usually known as Neville Chamberlain , was a British Conservative politician who served as Prime Minister of the United Kingdom from May 1937 to May 1940 .
Chamberlain is best known for his appeasement foreign policy , and in particular for his signing of the Munich Agreement in 1938 , conceding the Sudetenland region of Czechoslovakia to Germany .
He declined a junior ministerial position , remaining a backbencher until 1922 .
The full Cabinet agreed with the committee 's recommendation , influenced by a report from the chiefs of staff stating that there was little that Britain could do to help the Czechs in the event of a German invasion .
Chamberlain returned to London in triumph .
Chamberlain worked to bring his Conservative Party in line behind Churchill , working with the Chief Whip , David Margesson , to overcome members ' suspicion and dislike of the Prime Minister .
The Rolf Nevanlinna Prize is awarded once every 4 years at the International Congress of Mathematicians , for outstanding contributions in Mathematical Aspects of Information Sciences including : The prize was established in 1981 by the Executive Committee of the International Mathematical Union IMU and named to honour the Finnish mathematician Rolf Nevanlinna who had died a year earlier .
Events Births Deaths Holidays and observances External links
In 1991 , she recorded the track " Timbal " with Balearic Beat on the album ¡ Loca ! .
Tesla did , however , attend lectures at the university , although , as an auditor , he did not receive grades for the courses .
Directed-energy weapon Later in life , Tesla made claims concerning a " teleforce " weapon after studying the Van de Graaff generator .
Only a little time will pass before I can give it to the world . "
The Peano axioms state conditions that any successful definition must satisfy .
Many professions may require a person to double as a notary public , which is why US court reporters are often notaries as this enables them to swear in witnesses ( deponents ) when they are taking depositions , and secretaries , bankers , and some lawyers are commonly notaries public .
Every county clerk 's office in New York must have a notary public available to serve the public free of charge .
Kasarani , Eastlands , and Embakasi are connected by Thika Road , Jogoo Road , and Outer Ring Road .
In linguistics , a numeral is a word class ( or a subclass of determiner ) designating number s , such as the English word ' two ' and the compound ' seventy-seven ' .
Sumer ia had a base-60 system with a decimal subbase ( perhaps a conflation of the decimal and a duodecimal systems of its constituent peoples ) , which was the origin of the numbering of modern degrees , minutes , and seconds .
Efforts to construct an accelerator facility where neutrinos are produced through muon decays are ongoing .
The most common variant is nylon 6-6 which refers to the fact that the diamine ( hexamethylene diamine , IUPAC name : hexane-1 ,6 - diamine ) and the diacid ( adipic acid , IUPAC name : hexanedioic acid ) each donate 6 carbons to the polymer chain .
Some of the terpolymers based upon nylon are used every day in packaging .
A common example of an inorganic nitrate salt is potassium nitrate ( saltpeter ) .
Occurrence Nitrate salts are found naturally on earth as large deposits , particularly of Chile saltpeter a major source of sodium nitrate .
Nevis ( ) is an island in the Caribbean Sea that forms part of the inner arc of the Leeward Islands chain of the West Indies .
It is located near the northern end of the Lesser Antilles archipelago , about 350 km east-southeast of Puerto Rico and 80 km west of Antigua .
The Amerindian name for Nevis was Oualie , land of beautiful waters .
Historical After d'Iberville 's invasion in 1704 , records show Nevis ’ sugar industry in ruins and a decimated population begging the English Parliament and relatives for loans and monetary assistance to stave off island-wide starvation .
Pyroclastic flows and mudflows were deposited on the lower slopes of the cone simultaneously .
Several of her plays won awards .
In 2007 , she starred in the science-fiction movie The Invasion directed by Oliver Hirschbiegel , a remake of the 1956 Invasion of the Body Snatchers that proved a critical and commercial failure .
The components used in de novo nucleotide synthesis are derived from biosynthetic precursors of carbohydrate and amino acid metabolism , and from ammonia and carbon dioxide .
Six enzymes take part in IMP synthesis .
These calculators evolved into electronic computers in the 1940s , and it was then found that these computers were also useful for administrative purposes .
But the invention of the computer also influenced the field of numerical analysis , since now longer and more complicated calculations could be done .
In 1835 , Paganini returned to Parma , this time under the employ of Archduchess Marie Louise of Austria , Napoleon 's second wife .
These chamber works may have been inspired by the publication , in Lucca , of the guitar quintets of Boccherini .
Memorials The Paganini Competition ( Premio Paganini ) is an international violin competition created in 1954 in his home city of Genoa and named in his honour .
The information in the series is generally spurious and it also plays to some of the myths and legends rampant during the musician 's lifetime .
The lower water mass is the Denmark Strait Overflow Water ( DSOW ) .
In photodynamic therapy , a particle is placed within the body and is illuminated with light from the outside .
Little practical progress has been made even though research is happening .
The models do not depend on assumptions about correlations of different variables .
The aim of the field is to create models of biological neural systems in order to understand how biological systems work .
The fundamental components of protein are nitrogen-containing amino acid s , some of which are essential in the sense that humans can not make them internally .
For instance , in 1970 , it was proven that there is no Turing machine which can solve all Diophantine equations ( see Hilbert 's 10th problem ) .
The strategic offensive role of a navy is projection of force into areas beyond a country 's shores ( for example , to protect sea-lanes , ferry troops , or attack other navies , ports , or shore installations ) .
The Spanish Infantería de Marina was formed in 1537 , making it the oldest current marine corps in the world .
In the Byzantine Rite the Nicene Creed is always sung or recited at the Liturgy immediately preceding the Anaphora ( Eucharistic Prayer ) and is also recited daily at compline , as well as at sundry other services .
Nomenclature There are several designations for the two forms of the Nicene creed , some with overlapping meanings : In musical settings , particularly when sung in Latin , this Creed is usually referred to by its first word , Credo .
In fact , it is an open question whether all problems in NP also have certificates for the " no " - answers and thus are in co-NP .
Some psychologists and psycholinguists , though sympathetic to Chomsky 's overall program , have argued that Chomskyan linguists pay insufficient attention to experimental data from language processing , with the consequence that their theories are not psychologically plausible .
This makes for a view of communicative behaviors much larger than that usually addressed by linguists .
He has that smelly ocean stench that differs him from the other homeless .
Prior to Voyager 2 's arrival , observations of Nereid had been limited to ground-based observations that could only establish Nereid 's intrinsic brightness and orbital elements .
International competition Netball is a popular participant sport in countries of the Commonwealth of Nations .
After that came Erika Cheetham 's The Prophecies of Nostradamus , incorporating a reprint of the posthumous 1568 edition , which was reprinted , revised and republished several times from 1973 onwards , latterly as The Final Prophecies of Nostradamus .
This is the first time that an asteroid impact on Earth has been accurately predicted .
Hani Hanjour arrived in San Diego in early December 2000 , joining Hazmi , but on December 10 , they were seen leaving their Mount Vernon address leaving for Phoenix , Arizona where Hanjour could take refresher flight training .
2001 In March al-Hazmi received a shipment of VHS videos including videos about Boeing 747 and 777 flight decks and “ how an airline captain should look and act " and later a road atlas , map of NYC and a World aeronautical chart .
According to Cassius Dio , at this time , Seneca and Burrus reduced their role in governing from careful management to mere moderation of Nero .
He also thought that existing writing on them was unbalanced : Tacitus was the son of a procurator , who married into the elite family of Agricola .
Nor is the Bible explicit , calling Aquila of Pontus and his wife , Priscilla , both expelled from Italy at the time , " Jews . "
But this increase in mathematics was accompanied by greater dominance of neoclassical economics in Anglo-American universities after World War II .
Small beer Small beer ( also , small ale ) is a beer / ale that contains very little alcohol .
Typically the volume is reduced by roughly 4 % , to compensate simply add water .
Green , sustainable energy ideas include the complex facade which lets in air for passive cooling and vents it as it warms and rises .
It became his home from late 2008 .
Since then , the event has expanded into a full weekend and is held in a different city each year .
It was designed by Bertram G. Goodhue .
NCAA Division II sportsNebraska has several colleges playing in the NCAA Division II .
Additionally , the New Jersey Commerce , Economic Growth , & Tourism Commission divides the state into six distinct regions to facilitate the state 's tourism industry .
New Jersey receives between 2,400 and 2,800 hours of sunshine annually .
Road New Mexico has had a problem with drunk driving , but that has lessened .
Also a weather feature known as " cold air damming " occurs in the western part of the state .
Of the people residing in North Carolina , 58.5 % were born in North Carolina , 33.1 % were born in another US state , 1.0 % were born in Puerto Rico , U.S. Island areas , or born abroad to American parent ( s ) , and 7.4 % were born in another country .
Recent changes in North Carolina politics include the change to a majority Republican legislature after the 2010 elections .
As of 2009 , the seven largest ancestry groups in North Dakota are : According to the 2010 Census , the racial and ethnic composition of North Dakota was as follows : Religion North Dakota has the most churches per capita of any state .
Fort Yates , located along the Missouri River on the Standing Rock Indian Reservation claims to host the final resting place of Hunkpapa Lakota leader Sitting Bull ( Mobridge , South Dakota also claims his gravesite ) .
The state is represented by the The ' Blues ' in the traditional State of Origin series .
Nihilism ( or ; from the Latin , nothing ) is the philosophical doctrine suggesting the of one or more putatively meaningful aspects of life .
Most commonly , nihilism is presented in the form of existential nihilism , which argues that life is without objective meaning , purpose , or intrinsic value .
He continued Ray 's tradition of natural theology in two of his own works , The Physico-Theology , published in 1713 , and the Astro-Theology , 1714 .
New Zealand English ( NZE , en-NZ ) is the dialect of the English language used in New Zealand .
The English language was established in New Zealand by colonists during the 19th century .
In 1997 , Oxford University Press produced the Dictionary of New Zealand English , which it claimed was based on over 40 years of research .
Taranaki has also been said to have a minor regional accent , possibly due to the high number of immigrants from the South-West of England , however this becoming less-pronounced .
Various forms of Wicca have since evolved or been adapted from Gardner 's British Traditional Wicca or Gardnerian Wicca such as Alexandrian Wicca .
Dividing ( 4,500,000 / 286 ) lines per second by 262.5 lines per field gives approximately 59.94 fields per second .
Ramus ( 1855 ) first connected the subject with determinant s , resulting , with the subsequent contributions of Heine , Möbius , and Günther , in the theory of Kettenbruchdeterminanten .
His cities which I had plundered I had cut off from his land . "
Outside Genesis his name is mentioned in 1 Chronicles , Isaiah , Ezekiel , the Gospels of Matthew and Luke , Hebrews and the 1st and 2nd Epistles of Peter .
However , opponents of the official policy still managed to create a massive protest movement against Samnorsk in the 1950s , fighting in particular the use of " radical " forms in Bokmål text books in schools .
While working toward his goal of improved insecticide , Schrader experimented with numerous compounds , eventually leading to the preparation of tabun .
Introjection is closely related to three other neurotic forms of mental processing ; namely projection , confluention and retroflection .
The only avenue of expression left open to us is to produce a collage-like effect based on a sampling of existing works . " "
However , the Jets have never returned to the Super Bowl , making them one of three NFL teams to win their lone Super Bowl appearance , along with the New Orleans Saints and Tampa Bay Buccaneers .
For this reason , they are sometimes called IIA and IIB .
The Kerr effect can be described as a \ chi ^ as well .
The team never finished better than second to last until the 1969 " Miracle Mets " beat the Baltimore Orioles in the 1969 World Series in what is considered one of the biggest upsets in World Series history .
is a Japanese manga artist who lives in Tokyo , Japan .
Kodansha Takeuchi then worked for Kodansha , starting at the age of 19 when she published Love Call , which received an award .
Another prominent New Left thinker , Ernst Bloch , believed that socialism would prove the means for all human beings to become immortal and eventually create God .
In 1967 , the old statement in Port Huron was abandoned for a new call for action , which would inevitably lead to the destruction of the SDS .
Pierre van den Berghe in The Ethnic Phenomenon ( 1981 ) emphasizes the role of ethnicity and kinship involving family biological ties to members of an ethnic group as being an important element of national identity .
Both traditions continue to this day .
Events Births Deaths Holidays and observances External links
NBC News has been known to use Seven News reporters for live crosses on a developing news story in Australia .
An example is RS Ophiuchi , which is known to have flared six times ( in 1898 , 1933 , 1958 , 1967 , 1985 , and 2006 ) .
Other types There are other types of nuclear weapons as well .
Professor Kenneth Waltz has argued that nuclear weapons have helped keep an uneasy peace , and further nuclear weapon proliferation might even help avoid the large scale conventional wars that were so common prior to their invention at the end of World War II .
Tempura derived from a popular Portuguese recipe originally known as peixinho-da-horta , and takes its name from the Portuguese word , ' tempero ' another example of the enduring effects of this cultural exchange .
Sun Quan relocated his capital to Nanjing after Liu Bei 's suggestion as Liu Bei was impressed by Nanjing 's impeccable geographic position when negotiating an alliance with Sun Quan .
In 1959 , a first exposition was prepared in four cells telling about Nazi war crimes carried out in Lithuania .
By adding the line using namespace abc ; to a piece of code , the prefix abc : : is no longer needed .
Another term of endearment , often spoken by older generations , is me ducky , used when addressing a female in an informal manner , and usually placed at the end of a sentence which is often a question ( Example : How 's she goin ' , me ducky ? )
If the game is still tied after the three shootout rounds , the shootout continues but becomes sudden death .
The National Hockey League publishes the names of the top three vote getters for all awards , and then names the award winner during the NHL Awards Ceremony .
The top goal scorers were Steven Stamkos ( 60 ) , Evgeni Malkin ( 50 ) , Marian Gaborik ( 41 ) , James Neal ( 40 ) , and Alexander Ovechkin ( 38 ) .
This success has resulted in a 66 percent rise in NHL advertising and sponsorship revenue .
Indeed an apostolic delegate served as the Holy See 's de facto diplomatic representative to the United States and the United Kingdom , until both major Anglo-Saxon states with a predominantly Protestant tradition established full-fledged relations with the Holy See in the late twentieth century , allowing for the appointment of a Papal Nuncio ( see the list of British Ambassadors to the Holy See ) .
Every Corner was a Picture : A checklist compiled for the West Cornwall Art Archive of 50 artists from the early Newlyn School painters through to the present .
This artistic movement also coincided with the Transcendentalist movement in the Western world .
Partial DNAse digestion of chromatin reveals its nucleosome structure .
The RSP also frequently performs audio functions ( although the CPU can be tasked with this as well ) .
Through a series of experiments involving the vagus nerves of frogs , Loewi was able to manually slow the heart rate of frogs by controlling the amount of saline solution present around the vagus nerve .
Thus , it is unusual nowadays for the identification of a chemical as a neurotransmitter to remain controversial for very long periods of time .
The nuclei become increasingly small ( gravity and pressure overwhelming the strong force ) until the core is reached , by definition the point where they disappear altogether .
The formation and evolution scenario of binary neutron stars is a rather exotic and complicated process .
The city is located on the island of New Providence , which functions much like a business district .
The first session was presided over by the Soviet judge , Nikitchenko .
She completed the remainder of Coulter 's term , was returned at the 1996 election and re-elected in 2001 .
Nim is a mathematical game of strategy in which two players take turns removing objects from distinct heaps .
On each turn , a player must remove at least one object , and may remove any number of objects provided they all come from the same heap .
_ _ then another three _ .
It was founded by Charles Edward Gordon Crawford , a widower , who was a District and Sessions Judge for the Bombay Civil Service at Thana .
The organisation 's stated aim is to provide rapid , easy access to market and trading facilities and a strong local presence to its customers in all its regions .
In 1208-27 , war parties of the different sides rampaged through the Livonian , Northern Latgallian , and Estonian counties , with Livonians and Latgallians normally as allies of the Crusaders , and the Principalities of Polotsk and Pskov appearing as allies of different sides at different times .
Wars against the Curonians and Semigallians ( 1201 – 90 ) Although the Curonians had attacked Riga in 1201 and 1210 , Albert of Buxhoeveden , considering Courland a tributary of Valdemar II of Denmark , had been reluctant to conduct a large scale campaign against them .
Stanley Greenspan and Stuart G. Shanker proposed a theory in The First Idea of psychological development in which neoteny is seen as crucial for the " development of species-typical capacities " that depend upon a long period of attachment to caregivers for the opportunities to engage in and develop their capacity for emotional communication .
The most significant instance that McEwen exercised this came when Holt disappeared in December 1967 .
During the 16th century railways were mainly restricted to hand-pushed narrow gauge lines in mines throughout Europe .
Steam train s are also used in this route .
Modern theories have suggested that inert gases dissolving in the lipid bilayer of cell membrane s cause narcosis .
This organization was originally established within the U.S. Department of Defense under the command of the Joint Chiefs of Staff .
One is by releasing chemicals called hormone s into the internal circulation , so that they can diffuse to distant sites .
( In fact , the types of neurons called amacrine cell s have no axons , and communicate only via their dendrites . )
A portrait of him painted by Jens Juel was made into a medallion by his friend Johan Tobias Sergel .
There are non-Pashtun tribes including Jat s , Gujar , Tanoli , Mughal , Turks , Karlal , Rajpoot , Dhund Abbasi , Syed , Awan , Kashmiri , Qureshi and Sarrara .
Proteins that are sequestered in the nucleolus are unable to diffuse and to interact with their binding partners .
In isospin space , neutrons can be rotationally transformed into protons , and vice versa .
The proton is made of two up quark s and one down quark , while the neutron is one up quark and two down quarks .
AOL shut down the Propeller website on October 1 , 2010 .
The last survivals of New Latin to convey non-technical information appear in the use of Latin to cloak passages and expressions deemed too indecent ( in the 19th century ) to be read by children , the lower classes , or ( most ) women .
The following table illustrates some of the variation of New Latin consonants found in various countries of Western Europe , compared to the Classical Latin pronunciation of the 1st centuries BCE-CE .
Finally , in the beginning of 2006 , the novel was published in Egypt with a preface written by Ahmad Kamal Aboul-Magd .
His digitally-sampled library of both traditional and exotic sounds has expanded over the years with his music .
Thirty years after Peart joined Rush , the band found itself on its 30th anniversary tour .
Production of the system was discontinued in 1997 , but official production of game cartridges lasted until 2004 ; The Neo Geo was ranked 19th out of the 25 best video game consoles of all time by the video game website IGN in 2009 .
The population of Davidson County as a whole , including all municipalities , was 626,681 .
Another system ( scientific ) suffixes a number ( starting with 0 , or sometimes -1 ) .
See also References External links
1989 In 1989 , the magazine was acquired in a hostile takeover by a business partnership headed by actor Tim Matheson ( who played " Otter " in the 1978 film National Lampoon 's Animal House ) .
A non-disclosure agreement ( NDA ) , also known as a confidentiality agreement ( CA ) , confidential disclosure agreement ( CDA ) , proprietary information agreement ( PIA ) , or secrecy agreement , is a legal contract between at least two parties that outlines confidential material , knowledge , or information that the parties wish to share with one another for certain purposes , but wish to restrict access to or by third parties .
It 's a contract through which the parties agree not to disclose information covered by the agreement .
Therefore , for a deontological ethical theory they are open to a surprisingly large amount of interpretation and flexibility .
Indeed , the modern Assyrian Church of the East , which reveres Nestorius , does not fully subscribe to Nestorian doctrine , though it does reject the title Theotokos .
However , the council ultimately sided with Cyril , holding that Christ is one subsistence and nature , and that the Virgin Mary is the mother of God .
The biology of Porphyra , although complicated , is well understood , and this knowledge is used to control the production process .
Pregnancy testing and gestational age Pregnancy test s are not accurate until 1 – 2 weeks after ovulation .
Three routes have been discussed to carry traffic from the Atlantic up to the lake , which is at an elevation of above sea level : An artificial canal would then be cut across the narrow isthmus of Rivas ( its lowest point is above sea level ) to reach the Pacific Ocean at San Juan del Sur or Brito .
Through this period , the NBA continued to strengthen with the shift of the Minneapolis Lakers to Los Angeles , the Philadelphia Warriors to San Francisco , the Syracuse Nationals to Philadelphia to become the Philadelphia 76ers , and the St. Louis Hawks moving to Atlanta , as well as the addition of its first expansion franchises .
On September 1 , 2009 , the contract between the NBA and its referees expired , creating a referee lockout .
The NBA regular season begins in the last week of October .
Cold War era Since World War II , mines have damaged 14 United States Navy ships , whereas air and missile attacks have damaged four .
Other methods to lay minefields include : In some cases , mines are automatically activated upon contact with the water .
One view is that the club was connected to the St Mary ’s Church of England Cricket Club , now the St Mary 's Anglican Church North Melbourne , whose colours – blue and white – are reflected in the Club 's colour 's today .
Barrassi reversed the club 's playing fortunes , taking an unremarkable team that was once regarded as the traditional cellar dwellers of the competition , through a golden era of success that transformed North into one of the powerhouses of the VFL .
21st century The 21st century did not begin well for North Melbourne .
The treaty is reviewed every five years in meetings called Review Conferences of the Parties to the Treaty of Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons .
The previous United Kingdom Secretary of State for Defence , Geoff Hoon , has also explicitly invoked the possibility of the use of the country 's nuclear weapons in response to a non-conventional attack by " rogue states " .
Though it is difficult to be certain of much of the aspects of Norn grammar , documents indicate that it may have featured subjectless clauses , which were common in the West Scandinavian languages .
Most common among these are Shōnin 日蓮聖人 Saint or Sage , and Daishōnin 日蓮大聖人 " Great Sage " .
Given the equation with g ( x ) and/or h ( x ) a transcendental function , one writes The values of x that solves the original equation are then the roots of f ( x ) , which may be found via Newton 's method .
Inspired by Klein & MBO 's " Dirty Talk " and Sylvester 's disco classic , " You Make Me Feel ( Mighty Real ) " , " Blue Monday " became the best-selling independent 12 " single of all time in the UK ; however , ( much to the chagrin of the buying public ) it was not on the track list of Power , Corruption & Lies .
Furthermore , he is traditionally supposed to have written several treatises on rasayana alchemy as well as serving a term as the head of Nālandā University .
Although this process has yet to be realized , many experts believe fusion to be a promising future energy source due to the short lived radioactivity of the produced waste , its low carbon emissions , and its prospective power output .
Nuclear power can produce base-load power unlike many renewables which are intermittent energy source s lacking large-scale and cheap ways of storing energy .
Nevertheless , the activities were detected and brought under control using international diplomacy .
Organic electronics , plastic electronics or polymer electronics , is a branch of materials science dealing with electrically - conductive polymers and conductive small molecules .
This was the genesis of the modern-day operating system .
Windows CE is a real-time operating system that shares similar APIs to desktop Windows but shares none of desktop Windows ' codebase .
In that year , legal complications over the ownership of the film forced the negative into a Paris vault where it remained until 2004 , when Peter Bogdanovich ( who also acted in the film ) announced his intention to complete the production .
Open content or OpenContent is a neologism coined by David Wiley in 1998 which describes a creative work that others can copy or modify .
The term evokes open source software , which is a related concept in software .
36 % of Ohioans indicate that they attend religious services at least once weekly , 35 % attend occasionally , and 27 % seldom or never participate in religious services .
In classical theory , any change in the marginal cost structure ( how much it costs to make each additional unit ) or the marginal revenue structure ( how much people will pay for each additional unit ) will be immediately reflected in a new price and/or quantity sold of the item .
In " The Oboe " , Geoffrey Burgess and Bruce Haynes write " The differences are most clearly marked in the middle register , which is reedier and more pungent , and the upper register , which is richer in harmonics on the Viennese oboe " .
In earlier times , the melting point ( m.p. ) and boiling point ( b.p. ) provided crucial information on the purity and identity of organic compounds .
Both synthetic and natural rubber are polymers .
These practical considerations of security and convenience have meant that the one-time-pad is , in practice , little-used .
Universal hashing provides a way to authenticate messages up to an arbitrary security bound ( i.e. for any p > 0 , a large enough hash ensures that even a computationally unbounded attacker 's likelihood of successful forgery is less than p ) , but this uses additional random data from the pad , and removes the possibility of implementing the system without a computer .
The second is the security offered by state-of-the-art ciphers ( e.g. AES ) designed with principles learned in the long history of code breaking and subjected to extensive testing in a standardization process , either in public or by a top notch security service ( empirical security ) .
Overall , Ohio State operates the 18th largest university research library in North America with a combined collection of over 5.8 million volumes .
Overall , the graduate Art program ranked # 21 , with the ceramics and glass programs at # 6 .
The fruit and grape growing industry is located primarily on the Niagara Peninsula and along Lake Erie , where tobacco farms are also situated .
The Green Party did not win a seat in Ontario .
The southerly route , which was driven by growth in settlements originated by the United Empire Loyalists and later other European immigrants , travels southwest from Montreal along the St. Lawrence River , Lake Ontario , and Lake Erie before entering the United States in Michigan .
In May 2011 , The NCC introduced the Bixi Bike rental program .
Rand 's explanation of values presents the view that an individual 's primary moral obligation is to achieve his own well-being — it is for his life and his self-interest that an individual ought to adhere to a moral code .
A corollary to Rand 's endorsement of self-interest is her rejection of the ethical doctrine of altruism — which she defined in the sense of Auguste Comte 's altruism ( he coined the term ) , as a moral obligation to live for the sake of others .
State and Local Oaths The oaths of state and local officials are largely patterned on the federal oath of constitutional allegiance .
The Empire lost the Balkan Wars ( 1912 – 13 ) .
Some regions conversely had population falls - Belgrade saw its population drop from 25,000 to 8,000 mainly due to political strife .
Science and technology Over the course of Ottoman history , the Ottomans managed to build a large collection of libraries complete with translations of books from other cultures , as well as original manuscripts .
" Ozymandias " ( , also pronounced with four syllables in order to fit the poem 's meter ) is a sonnet by Percy Bysshe Shelley , published in 1818 in the 11 January issue of The Examiner in London .
It is frequently anthologised and is probably Shelley 's most famous short poem .
This allows end users to review and modify the source code for their own customization , curiosity or troubleshooting needs .
In addition , the fact that Gascon is included within Occitan despite its particular differences , can be also justified because there is a common elaboration ( Ausbau ) process between Gascon and the rest of Occitan .
All fat s , fatty acid s , amino acid s , and protein s contain oxygen ( due to the presence of carbonyl groups in these acids and their ester residues ) .
They always observed a small amount of a dark , insoluble residue .
Several methods are available depending on the separation process and the composition of the mixture ; two representative methods are fusion with sodium peroxide followed by dissolution in aqua regia , and dissolution in a mixture of chlorine with hydrochloric acid .
Tungsten has the highest melting point of any metal , and using it in light bulbs increases the luminous efficacy and life of incandescent lamps .
The city centre is relatively small , and is centred on Carfax , a cross-roads which forms the junction of Cornmarket Street ( pedestrianised ) , Queen Street ( semi-pedestrianised ) , St Aldate 's and The High .
Most government offices , including that of the Prime Minister , are gathered at Regjeringskvartalet , a cluster of buildings close to the national Parliament — the Storting .
Norway 's principal orchestra is the Oslo Philharmonic , based at the Oslo Concert Hall since 1977 .
It acts as the main international gateway to Norway , and is the sixth-largest domestic airport in Europe .
Some political conservatives opposed to increased public acceptance of homosexuality engaged in outing in this period as well , with the goal of embarrassing or discrediting their ideological foes .
In the 1980s , the AIDS pandemic led to the outing of several major entertainers , including Rock Hudson .
It is also forbidden for someone to pressure LGBT people to come out .
AFL-NFL Merger ( 1970 – 81 ) 1970 – 71 In 1970 , the AFL-NFL merger took place and the Raiders joined the Western Division of the American Football Conference ( actually the AFL West with the same teams as in 1969 , except for the Cincinnati Bengals ) in the newly merged NFL .
The following season saw the Raiders finish 11-3 , but they lost the division title to Denver .
Shanahan led the team to a 7-9 season in 1988 , and Allen and Jackson continued to trade places as the starting RB .
In announcing the move , Al Davis said that firing Shell in 1995 had been a mistake .
The Chargers led the game in the 1st half 24-0 until the Raiders came into the 2nd half and made a huge comeback and defeated the San Diego Chargers 28-24 .
United States political and finance industry leadership has recently been dominated by people associated with Harvard and Yale .
In the Dhofar Rebellion , which began in 1965 , leftist forces were pitted against government troops .
The Oman Centre for Traditional Music was established in 1984 to preserve them .
Late 19th and early 20th centuries When Sultan Sa'id bin Sultan Al-Busaid died in 1856 , his sons quarreled over the succession .
The case of the Imam was argued at the United Nations as well , but no significant measures were taken .
Modernization The government is undertaking many development projects to modernize the economy , improve the standard of living , and become a more active player in the global marketplace .
The spelling and names in both the 1609 – 1610 Douay Old Testament ( and in the 1582 Rheims New Testament ) and the 1749 revision by Bishop Challoner ( the edition currently in print used by many Catholics , and the source of traditional Catholic spellings in English ) and in the Septuagint differ from those spellings and names used in modern editions which are derived from the Hebrew Masoretic text .
Events Births Deaths Holidays and observances External links
An ovum ( plural ova , from the Latin word meaning egg or egg cell ) is a haploid female reproductive cell or gamete .
Both animal s and embryophyte s have ova .
Since the archegonium is a haploid structure , egg cells are produced via mitosis .
Background By early November 1939 , Adolf Hitler had decided on forcing a decision in the West by invading Belgium , the Netherlands and France .
It could only be the final act of an already victorious war against Britain as otherwise the preconditions for success of a combined operation would not be met . "
Only nine destroyers were sunk by air attack in 1940 , out of a force of over 100 operating in British waters at the time .
The German Navy wanted a front as short as possible as they regarded this as more defensible .
On the other hand , Richard Strauss accepted Wagnerian ideas but took them in wholly new directions .
Since 2006 , the Met has broadcast live performances to several hundred movie screens all over the world .
Geography of the Odyssey Events in the main sequence of the Odyssey ( excluding Odysseus ' embedded narrative of his wanderings ) take place in the Peloponnese and in what are now called the Ionian Islands .
Osteichthyes ( ) , also called bony fish , are a taxonomic group of fish that have bone , as opposed to cartilaginous , skeletons .
The vast majority of fish are osteichthyes , which is an extremely diverse and abundant group consisting of 45 orders , and over 435 families and 28,000 species .
The report was given at the annual meeting of the IBC in August 2005 .
Geography and hydrography The Ohio River is formed by the confluence of the Allegheny and Monongahela rivers at Point State Park in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania .
Credited as the first to use a diminutive of organ ( i.e. , little organ ) for cellular structures was German zoologist Karl August Möbius ( 1884 ) , who used the term organula ( plural of organulum , the diminutive of Latin organum ) .
It also included a new OOUI ( object-oriented user interface ) called the Workplace Shell .
Cromwell 's hostility to the Irish was religious as well as political .
Under the Commonwealth , Catholic landownership dropped from 60 % of the total to just 8 % .
To aid faltering industries , the Chancellor abandoned free trade and established protectionist tariff s ( taxes on imports ) , which alienated the National Liberals who demanded free trade .
He also negotiated the Triple Alliance in 1882 with Austria-Hungary and Italy ; this was a completely different Alliance to the Dual Alliance .
The Olney Hymns were very popular ; by 1836 there had been 37 recorded editions , and it is likely that many other editions were printed in both Britain and America .
However , they were primarily written for immediate and day-to-day use in Newton 's ministry of Olney .
As a result , the Biogenetic Law was abandoned , and its fall freed scientists to appreciate the full range of embryonic changes that evolution can produce — an appreciation that has yielded spectacular results in recent years as scientists have discovered some of the specific genes that control development . "
He was trained as a biologist under the influence of recapitulation theory at the time of its domination , and retained a Lamarckian outlook with justification from the recapitulation theory .
Positive cone A prepositive cone or preordering of a field F is a subset P ⊂ F that has the following properties : A preordered field is a field equipped with a preordering P. The non-zero elements P * form a subgroup of the multiplicative group of F. If in addition , the set F is the union of P and − P , we call P a positive cone of F. The nonzero elements of P are called the positive elements of F. An ordered field is a field F together with a positive cone P. The preorderings on F are precisely the intersections of families of positive cones on F. The positive cones are the maximal preorderings .
Complexity classes of oracle machines The complexity class of decision problem s solvable by an algorithm in class A with an oracle for a language L is called AL. .
Since their hip joints have the same flexibility as their shoulder and arm joints , orangutans have less restriction in the movements of their legs than humans have .
From six months of age onwards , orangutans practice nest-building and gain proficiency by the time they are three years old .
Further evidence that highly social orangutans are more likely to exhibit cultural behaviours came from a study of leaf-carrying behaviours of ex-captive orangutans that were being rehabilitated on the island of Kaja in Borneo .
In this case , the resonance satisfies the equation The point of conjunctions librates around the midpoint between the nodes of the two moons .
BAR Honda team recorded an average top speed of in 2006 at Bonneville Salt Flats with unofficial top speed reaching using modified BAR 007 Formula 1 car .
Examples include " If called by a panther / Do n't anther " ; " Who wants my jellyfish ?
Trabecular bone ( or cancellous bone ) is the sponge-like bone in the ends of long bones and vertebrae .
Planning Motivation The chief conspirators , Timothy McVeigh and Terry Nichols , met in 1988 at Fort Benning during basic training for the U.S. Army .
Nichols bought an additional bag on October 18 , 1994 .
On April 25 , 1995 , James Nichols was also arrested , but he was released after 32 days due to lack of evidence .
He was a member of the wealthy Saudi bin Laden family , and an ethnic Yemen i Kindite .
I have no idea and really do n't care .
Although negotiations with the Scots and the lords of Ireland were unsuccessful , Owain had reasons to hope that the French and Bretons might be more welcoming .
The result was a formal treaty that promised French aid to Owain and the Welsh .
They met the English army just ten miles from Worcester .
His descendants are portrayed as early settlers in the north eastern United States in Madeleine L'Engles 3rd book in the Time Quartet series A Swiftly Tilting Planet He is the subject of search in ' The Raven Boys ' by Maggie Stiefvater .
( There are about seven hundred different kinds of olives . )
The resulting oil is not " virgin " but " pomace oil " .
Greek myth attributed to the primordial culture-hero Aristaeus the understanding of olive husbandry , along with cheese-making and bee-keeping .
And so not only city walls but substructures in general and all walls that require a thickness like that of a city wall , will be long in falling to decay if tied in this manner .
The age of an olive tree in Crete , the Finix Olive is claimed to be over 2,000 years old , this estimate is based on archaeological evidence around the tree .
Generally , an additional source of illumination is used since magnified images are dimmer due to the conservation of energy and the spreading of light rays over a larger surface area .
Early photography used media that had very low light sensitivity , and so exposure times had to be long even for very bright shots .
The state is home to the Storm Prediction Center , the National Severe Storms Laboratory , and the Warning Decision Training Branch , all part of the National Weather Service and located in Norman .
In one of the costliest episodes of racial violence in American history , sixteen hours of rioting resulted in 35 city blocks destroyed , $ 1.8 million in property damage , and a death toll estimated to be as high as 300 people .
In addition , 12 of the state 's smaller colleges or universities participate in the NAIA , mostly within the Sooner Athletic Conference .
In 1346 , The Emperor John VI Cantacuzene recognised Orhan as the most powerful sovereign of the Turks .
In the following year , Orhan and Theodora visited his imperial father-in-law at Uskudar , ( then Chrysopolis ) the suburb of Constantinople on the Asiatic side of the Bosporus where there was a display of festive splendor .
After a series of such raids , the Byzantines had to use superior forces to deal with them .
It was designed to target hardware capable of supporting Direct3D 10 .
Orbital perturbations An orbital perturbation is when a force or impulse which is much smaller than the overall force or average impulse of the main gravitating body and which is external to the two orbiting bodies causes an acceleration , which changes the parameters of the orbit over time .
In June 1990 , Toronto City Council voted 12 to 7 in favour of recommending to the Canadian government that the phrase " our home and native land " be changed to " our home and cherished land " and that " in all thy sons command " be partly reverted to " in all of us command . "
Many alumni have pursued careers in popular and indie music , including members of the bands The Mars Volta , Rasputina , Come , Deerhoof , Liz Phair , Josh Ritter , Songs : Ohia , The Sea and Cake , Teengirl Fantasy , Tortoise , Trans Am , Sleepytime Gorilla Museum , Skeletons , and the Yeah Yeah Yeahs .
Odense is home to 8 Gymnasium s ( Grammar schools ) , a business school , a vocational school , 21 state grade school s as well as a number of private school s. Tourist attractions Saint Canute 's Cathedral ( ) was formerly connected with the great Benedictine monastery of the same name , and is one of the largest and finest buildings of its kind in Denmark .
These show the times between controls and aggregate times to each control .
If a night event starts before dark , a mass start must be used so all competitors have equal time in the light and dark .
Similarly , the " honk " of a car 's horn is ba-ba in Chinese , tut-tut in French , pu-pu in Japanese , bbang-bbang in Korean , baert-baert in Norwegian and bim-bim in Vietnamese .
Events Births Deaths Holidays and observances External links
Events Births Deaths Holidays and observances External links
The Ostrich or Common Ostrich ( Struthio camelus ) is either one or two species of large flightless bird s native to Africa , the only living member ( s ) of the genus Struthio , which is in the ratite family .
Some analyses indicate that the Somali Ostrich may be better considered a full species separate from the Common Ostrich , but most taxonomists consider it to be a subspecies .
New chicks are in colour , with dark brown spots .
Their skin varies in colour depending on the subspecies , with some having light or dark gray skin and others having pinkish or even reddish skin .
They assert that they have identified " [ t ] he first objective and quantitative measure that has a strong correspondence with the subjective experience that orgasm ultimately is " and state that the measure of contractions that occur at a frequency of 8 – 13 Hz is specific to orgasm .
Events Births Deaths Holidays and observances External links
These colors were chosen because every nation had at least one of them on its national flag .
It has played an important part on the Games identity promotion since the 1980 Summer Olympics , when the Russian bear cub Misha reached international stardom .
The ROC refused a proposed compromise that would have still allowed them to use the ROC flag and anthem as long as the name was changed .
About 200 people have learned the language and are attempting to use it in as many everyday activities as possible .
Application life cycle management ( start , stop , install , etc. ) is done via APIs that allow for remote downloading of management policies .
Research is underway to determine if risks of estrogen supplement use are the same for all methods of delivery .
His family was conservative German of the petite bourgeoisie .
Oracle and SAPFrom 1988 Oracle Corporation and the German company SAP AG had a decade-long history of cooperation , beginning with the integration of SAP 's R/3 enterprise application suite with Oracle 's relational database products .
Sutch 's death drew tributes from across the political spectrum .
The high level of omega-3 fatty acids consumed by the Inuit reduced triglycerides , heart rate , blood pressure , and atherosclerosis .
Global food companies have launched omega − 3 fatty acid fortified bread , mayonnaise , pizza , yogurt , orange juice , children 's pasta , milk , eggs , popcorn , confections , and infant formula .
Traditionally , the canvas was coated with a layer of animal glue ( size ) , ( modern painters will use rabbit skin glue ) and primed with lead white paint , sometimes with added chalk .
As the man was in a semi-comatose condition , I did not venture to administer the Holy Viaticum ; still I must add that he could be roused and was roused from this state in my presence .
Ostracism ( , ostrakismos ) was a procedure under the Athenian democracy in which any citizen could be expelled from the city-state of Athens for ten years .
While some instances clearly expressed popular anger at the citizen , ostracism was often used preemptively .
These attacks drew Hitler 's attention back to Army Group Center and its drive on Moscow .
Soviet civilian deaths remain unclear , though roughly 20 million is a frequently cited figure .
The Oceania ecozone includes all of Micronesia , Fiji , and all of Polynesia except New Zealand .
For the 28-pill packet , 21 pills are taken , followed by week of placebo or sugar pills .
In October 1951 , G. D. Searle & Company refused Pincus ' request to fund his hormonal contraceptive research , but retained him as a consultant and continued to provide chemical compounds to evaluate .
AustraliaThe first oral contraceptive introduced outside the United States was Schering 's Anovlar ( norethindrone acetate 4 mg + ethinyl estradiol 50 µg ) on January 1 , 1961 in Australia .
Sometimes criminal organisations force people to do business with them , as when a gang extorts money from shopkeepers for so-called " protection " .
Drug trafficking Heroin : Source countries / production : three major regions known as the golden triangle ( Burma , Laos , Thailand ) , golden crescent ( Afghanistan ) and Central and South America .
One Foot in the Grave Best-of was also released in Region 4 , 8 July 2004 .
OMG may refer to : OMg may refer to : See also References
The Oxford English Dictionary ( OED ) , published by the Oxford University Press , is the premier British dictionary of the English language .
Work began on the dictionary in 1857 but it was not until 1884 that it started to be published in unbound fascicles as work continued on the project under the name A New English Dictionary on Historical Principles ; Founded Mainly on the Materials Collected by The Philological Society .
With descriptions for approximately 600,000 words , the Oxford English Dictionary is the world 's most comprehensive single-language print dictionary according to the Guinness Book of World Records .
Its headword variant spellings order list influences written English in English-speaking countries .
Burchfield emphasized the inclusion of modern-day language , and through the supplement the dictionary was expanded to include a wealth of new words from the burgeoning fields of science and technology , as well as popular culture and colloquial speech .
By this time it was clear that the full text of the Dictionary would now need to be computerized .
Other important computer uses include internet searches for evidence of current usage , and e-mail submissions of quotations by readers and the general public .
Orkney is within the Highlands and Islands electoral region .
Local customs in the past included marriage ceremonies at the Odin Stone that formed part of the Stones of Stenness .
The garrisons in Petrograd , Moscow , and other cities , the Northern and Western fronts , and the sailors of the Baltic Fleet in September openly declared through their elected representative body Tsentrobalt that they did not recognize the authority of the Provisional Government and would not carry out any of its commands .
These dates , however , are not absolute , since written Old Norse is found well into the 15th century .
For example , stød can only occur in stressed words that have long vowels and end in a voiced consonant , whereas in Swedish and Norwegian , monosyllables can only take tone 1/acute accent .
Relationship to English Old English and Old Norse were closely related languages , and it is therefore not surprising that many words in Old Norse look familiar to English speakers , e.g. armr ( arm ) , fótr ( foot ) , land ( land ) , fullr ( full ) , hanga ( to hang ) , standa ( to stand ) , etc. .
This would subsequently be interpreted as a difference in ages of the three clusters .
Though Crinkley rejected Ogburn 's thesis , he believed that one merit of the book lay in the way it focused attention on what is not known of Shakespeare .
The move to the Blackfriars Professor Jonathan Bate , in The Genius of Shakespeare ( 1997 ) stated that Oxfordians can not " provide any explanation for … technical changes attendant on the King 's Men 's move to the Blackfriars theatre four years after their candidate 's death .... Unlike the Globe , the Blackfriars was an indoor playhouse " and so required plays with frequent breaks in order to replace the candles it used for lighting . "
Visual and physical oxymora In his book More on Oxymoron , the artist Patrick Hughes discusses and gives examples of visual oxymorons .
Large battles occurred during the change between regimes and a number of defeated samurai were destroyed , became ronin or were absorbed into the general populace .
In 1844 and 1845 he ascended Ararat volcano several times , studied the geological event of 1840 that was centered on Ararat ( Akori village ) .
The RSFSR did not have its own party organization , and the communist parties of its oblast s , autonomous republic s and some other major administrative units subordinated directly to the CPSU Central Committee .
Some of the sub-carriers in some of the OFDM symbols may carry pilot signal s for measurement of the channel conditions ( i.e. , the equalizer gain and phase shift for each sub-carrier ) .
It is not improbable that Origen gave no attention to supervising the publication of his homilies , for only by such a hypothesis can the numerous evidences of carelessness in diction be explained .
The first GENESIS upgraded ship was delivered in 2007 , and the last delivery is scheduled for 2011 .
One of the G class frigates will also be used as a test-bed for Turkey 's 6,000 + ton TF-2000 class anti-aircraft warfare ( AAW ) frigate s that are currently being designed by the Turkish Naval Institute .
Opium contains approximately 12 % morphine , an alkaloid , which is frequently processed chemically to produce heroin for the illegal drug trade .
Spongia somnifera , sponges soaked in opium , were used during surgery .
Several pills of opium were smoked at a single session depending on the smoker 's tolerance to the drug .
This makes ozone a potent respiratory hazard and pollutant near ground level .
With metals Ozone will oxidize most metal s ( except gold , platinum , and iridium ) to oxide s of the metals in their highest oxidation state .
The diatomic oxygen is split into single atoms , which then recombine in triplets to form ozone .
It is often used in conjunction with oxygen and hydrogen peroxide to eliminate the need for chlorine-containing compounds in the manufacture of high-quality , white paper .
jpg | '' Renanthera storei '' Image : Neottia nidus-avis plants .
This breakdown of obsidian is accelerated by the presence of water .
Ancient Egypt ians used obsidian imported from the eastern Mediterranean and southern Red Sea regions .
Despite the negativity , in Japan the moe-related content was worth ¥ 88.8 billion ( $ 807 million ) in 2003 , while some estimated the market could be as much as ¥ 2 trillion ( $ 18 billion ) .
A number of programming contests reward the most creatively obfuscated code : the International Obfuscated C Code Contest , Obfuscated Perl Contest , and International Obfuscated Ruby Code Contest .
Hammerstein was the lyricist and playwright in his partnerships ; his collaborators wrote the music .
Early life Otto Jespersen was born in Randers in Jutland .
In addition to continuing to write , he convened and chaired the first International Meeting on Linguistic Research in Geneva in 1930 , and acted as president of the Fourth International Congress of Linguists in Copenhagen in 1936 .
Diodorus Siculus gives another version of the myth in which Osiris was described as an ancient king who taught the Egyptians the arts of civilization , including agriculture , then travelled the world with his sister Isis , the satyrs , and the nine muses , before finally returning to Egypt .
Although it is attested to be a part of the rituals by a version of the Papyrus Jumilhac , in which it took Isis 12 days to reassemble the pieces , coinciding with the festival of ploughing .
Remey then changed his mind , deactivated the International Bahá ' í Council in 1966 , and in 1969 Marangella announced that he was the third Guardian .
Sloane 's later Encyclopedia of Integer Sequences and its Web counterpart , the On-Line Encyclopedia of Integer Sequences , ignore initial ones in their lexicographic ordering of sequences , because such initial ones often correspond to trivial cases .
The ancient Egypt ians represented all fractions ( with the exception of 2/3 ) in terms of sums of fractions with numerator 1 and distinct denominator s. For example , \ frac = \ frac + \ frac .
Oxidative phosphorylation ( or OXPHOS in short ) is the metabolic pathway in which the mitochondria in cell s use their structure , enzyme s , and energy released by the oxidation of nutrient s to reform ATP .
Although the many forms of life on earth use a range of different nutrients , ATP is the molecule that supplies energy to metabolism .
These linked sets of proteins are called electron transport chain s. In eukaryotes , five main protein complexes are involved , whereas in prokaryotes many different enzymes are present , using a variety of electron donors and acceptors .
This carries only electrons , and these are transferred by the reduction and oxidation of an iron atom that the protein holds within a heme group in its structure .
Inhibitors There are several well-known drug s and toxin s that inhibit oxidative phosphorylation .
An octopus has a hard beak , with its mouth at the center point of the arms .
This ink cloud is thought to reduce the efficiency of olfactory organs , which would aid an octopus 's evasion from predators that employ smell for hunting , such as shark s. Ink clouds of some species might serve as pseudomorphs , or decoys that the predator attacks instead .
They are considered a superb meze , especially alongside ouzo .
On 17 April 2009 , after a " trading of warm words " between the administrations of U.S. President Barack Obama and Cuban leader Raúl Castro , OAS Secretary General José Miguel Insulza said he would ask the 2009 General Assembly to annul the 1962 resolution excluding Cuba .
On 3 June 2009 , foreign ministers assembled in San Pedro Sula , Honduras , for the OAS 's 39th General Assembly , passed a vote to lift Cuba 's suspension from the OAS .
In a UNESCO convention , the translations of " oxycodone " are oxycodon ( Dutch ) , oxycodone ( French ) , oxicodona ( Spanish ) , الأوكسيكودون ( Arabic ) , 羟考酮 ( Chinese ) , and оксикодон ( Russian ) .
Users injecting oxycodone receive , at most , 13 % higher levels of oxycodone in their bloodstreams compared to their orally dosed counterparts , which makes injection of the drug unsafe and unwise .
Scott catalogue n. 1653 – Michel catalogue n. 2748 – 2763 ) .
Later versions of this amplifier schematic may show a slightly different method of output current limiting .
OBE 's relationship to collegeOne effect of high school exit examinations is that it may become more difficult to graduate from high school than enter college .
It tells of a man named Coriantumr and the downfall of his people .
Since stratospheric ozone is produced by solar UV radiation , one might expect to find the highest ozone levels over the tropics and the lowest over polar regions .
This may have caused or contributed to the extinction of the Pleistocene megafauna , although it is also possible that the late Pleistocene extinctions were ( at least in part ) caused by other factors such as disease and overhunting by humans .
Technology Paleolithic humans made tools of stone , bone , and wood .
Thus , a thrown hand axe would not usually have penetrated deeply enough to cause very serious injuries .
Another measure of the difference between these two similarly named but very distinct awards is their per-capita frequency of award : from 1946 to 1961 the average annual incidence of award of the Medal of Freedom was approximately 1 per every 86,500 adult U.S. citizens ; from 1996 to 2011 the average annual incidence of award of the Presidential Medal of Freedom was approximately 1 per every 20,500,000 adult U.S. citizens ( so on an annualized per capita basis 240 Medals of Freedom have been awarded per one Presidential Medal of Freedom ) .
However , as it was still larger than all known asteroids and seemingly did not exist within a larger population , it kept its status until 2006 .
However , more detailed studies revealed that it was slightly too close to its star to be habitable , and that the farther planet in the system , Gliese 581 d , though it is much colder than Earth , could potentially be habitable if its atmosphere contained sufficient amounts of greenhouse gases .
Paramount was the first successful nation-wide distributor ; until this time , films were sold on a state-wide or regional basis which had proved costly to film producers .
The Balaban and Katz theatre division was spun off with UPT ; its trademark eventually became the property of the Balaban and Katz Historical Foundation .
In 1985 , Dawn Steel became head of Motion Picture Production .
Ghazals have a classical affinity with Sufism , and a number of major Sufi religious works are written in ghazal form .
Many other Slavic nations had the same belief .
In 1226 , Konrad I of Masovia , one of the regional Piast dukes , invited the Teutonic Knights to help him fight the Baltic Prussian pagans ; a decision which would ultimately lead to centuries of warfare with the Knights .
More than 1 % of Poland ’s territory , , is protected within 23 Polish national parks .
Rock and roll evolved from rhythm and blues during the 1950s , and became the staple musical form of popular entertainment .
It was the first to be translated into English and German .
A renewed uprising started in 1988 and claimed 20,000 lives until it was resolved in 1997 .
These sources have subsequently been interpreted by scholars from the German Tübingen School such as Hans Joachim Krämer or Thomas A. Szlezák .
Leo Strauss is considered by some as the prime thinker involved in the recovery of Platonic thought in its more political , and less metaphysical , form .
By contrast , some other sounds would cause a change in meaning if substituted : for example , substitution of the sound would produce the different word still , and that sound must therefore be considered to represent a different phoneme ( the phoneme ) .
For example , with howler monkey s both the males and females typically transfer from their natal group on reaching sexual maturity , resulting in groups in which neither the males nor females are typically related .
Thus it became " politics " in Middle English c. 1520s ( see the Concise Oxford Dictionary ) .
Nevertheless , the monarchy is among the longest-lasting political institutions , dating as early as 2100 BC in Sumeria to the 21st Century AD British Monarchy .
Parisians tend to share the same movie-going trends as many of the world 's global cities , that is to say with a dominance of Hollywood-generated film entertainment .
In 2011 , Smith announced the first museum exhibition of her photography in the United States , Camera Solo .
Smith premiered two new protest song s in London in September 2006 .
The existence of the isthmus had an impact on the dispersal of people , agriculture and technology throughout the American continent from the appearance of the first hunters and collectors to the era of villages and cities .
Presidential elections do not require a simple majority ; out of the four last presidents only one , the incumbent president , was elected with over 50 % of the popular vote .
President Obama signed the trade agreement with Panama on October 21 , 2011 and the agreement entered into force on October 31 , 2012 .
Another example is the construction of finite field s , which proceeds similarly , starting out with the field of integers modulo some prime number as the coefficient ring R ( see modular arithmetic ) .
These conventions are important when defining Euclidean division of polynomials .
Chemical properties , at the nano-scale , describe how the chains interact through various physical forces .
Although such changes are frequently undesirable , in some cases , such as biodegradation and recycling , they may be intended to prevent environmental pollution .
However , the firm still has to pay fixed cost .
Adams worked on the relationship of faith and morality .
A federal court interpreting state law is bound by prior decisions of the state supreme court .
Posner and Landes used this term to describe the influential effect of a cited decision .
The couple briefly befriended one of the FBI agents .
Cruz has volunteered in Uganda and India , where she spent one week working for Mother Teresa ; she donated her salary from to help fund the late nun 's mission .
Lancôme has signed Cruz as the brand 's third superstar spokesmodel , along with Julia Roberts and Winslet .
Under the category of the most sought after body shape , Penélope Cruz , known for her voluptuous figure , was voted as having the top body .
After the court holds a defendant to answer , the court schedules an arraignment .
On 24 March 1882 Ehrlich was present when Robert Koch , working since 1880 at the Imperial Public Health Office ( Kaiserliches Gesundheitsamt ) in Berlin , presented the lecture in which he reported how he was able to identify the tuberculosis pathogen .
The Economy of Poland is a high income economy and is the sixth largest in the EU , and one of the fastest growing economies in Europe , with a yearly growth rate of over 3.0 % before the late-2000s recession .
It is the only member country of the European Union to have avoided a decline in GDP , meaning that in 2009 Poland has created the most GDP growth in the EU .
Poland also has been an active nation in advocating European integration .
In 1997 , Poland was invited in the first wave of NATO policy enlargement at the July 1997 NATO Summit in Madrid , Spain .
Geologically , these islands were formed by volcanic and seismic events , although the last terrestrial volcanic eruption occurred in 1957 – 58 ( Capelinhos ) and minor earthquakes occur sporadically , usually of low intensity .
The harpsichord produced a sufficiently loud sound , but had little expressive control over each note .
Their idea is to concertedly involve the cabinet in the projection and coloration of sound .
Early plastics were incorporated into some pianos in the late 1940s and 1950s , but proved disastrous because they lost strength after a few decades of use .
The best piano makers use quarter-sawn , defect-free spruce of close annular grain , carefully seasoning it over a long period before fabricating the soundboards .
Two different intervals are perceived as the same when the pairs of pitches involved share the same frequency ratio .
Under the alternate title , the film won the Bronze Award at the Worldfest-Charleston in the category for dramatic theatrical films .
In December 2009 , Anderson guest-starred as Genie of the Lamp in the pantomime Aladdin at the New Wimbledon Theatre in Wimbledon , south-west London , England .
On 18 July 2006 , it was announced that she would marry Kid Rock on 29 July 2006 , on a yacht near St Tropez , France . "
According to Ramones drummer Tommy Ramone , " In its initial form , a lot of [ 1960s ] stuff was innovative and exciting .
The Doctors of Madness built on Bowie 's presentation concepts , while moving musically in the direction that would become identified with punk .
Its subtitle affirmed the connection with what was happening in New York : " + Other Rock 'n' Roll Habits for Punks ! "
In January 1978 , the Sex Pistols broke up while on American tour .
In Brazil , punk first came to prominence in Brasília , the capital , with the bands Aborto Elétrico and Dado e o Reino Animal . Punk rock scenes also grew in other countries such as Belgium ( The Kids , Chainsaw ) , the Netherlands ( The Suzannes , The Ex ) , Spain ( La Banda Trapera Del Río , Kaka De Luxe ) , Sweden ( Ebba Grön , KSMB ) , and Switzerland ( Nasal Boys , Kleenex ) .
Other groups in the movement , led by Amebix and Antisect , developed the extreme style known as crust punk .
Industrialization and the Modern Era Karl Marx and his critique of capitalism — developed with Friedrich Engels — was , alongside liberalism and fascism , one of the defining ideological movements of the Twentieth Century .
Though Hegel 's philosophy of history is similar to Immanuel Kant 's , and Karl Marx 's theory of revolution towards the common good is partly based on Kant 's view of history — Marx is said to have declared that on the whole , he was just trying to straighten out G. W.F. Hegel who was actually upside down .
In the Anglo-American world , anti-imperialism and pluralism began gaining currency at the turn of the 19th to 20th century .
This bilaterally agreed-upon charter maintained a governor appointed by Spain , which held the power to annul any legislative decision , and a partially elected parliamentary structure .
In 1950 , the U.S. Congress approved Public Law 600 ( P.L. 81-600 ) , which allowed for a democratic referendum in Puerto Rico to determine whether Puerto Ricans desired to draft their own local constitution .
Agreement on the process to be used in considering the status proposals has been as elusive as agreement on the end result .
Overview Scientific methodology While the standards for determining whether a body of knowledge , methodology , or practice is scientific can vary from field to field , a number of basic principles are widely agreed upon by scientists .
One proposal for demarcation between the two is the falsification criterion , most notably attributed to the philosopher Karl Popper .
Many TSEs , including scrapie and BSE , show strains with specific and distinct biological properties , a feature which supporters of the virion hypothesis feel is not explained by prions .
Metallic potassium is used in several types of magnetometer s. Precautions Potassium reacts very violently with water producing potassium hydroxide ( KOH ) and hydrogen gas .
In 1049 , Leo IX became pope , at last a pope with the character to face the papacy 's problems .
Starting with the 2005 conclave , church bells are also rung as a signal that a new pope has been chosen .
It is the Holy See that conducts international relations ; for hundreds of years , the papal court ( the Roman Curia ) has functioned as the government of the Catholic Church .
Another barrister said that it was a " matter of embarrassment that a senior British lawyer would want to allow himself to be associated with such a silly idea " .
During the day on the 14th of Nisan , they were to slaughter the animal and use its blood to mark their lintels and door posts .
Digital signatures PGP supports message authentication and integrity checking .
Because the content is encrypted , any changes in the message will result in failure of the decryption with the appropriate key .
Tarot The 78-card Tarot deck , and subsets of it , are used for a variety of European trick-taking games .
A niche application of plotters is in creating tactile images for visually handicapped people on special thermal cell paper .
Card games , particularly poker games , may contain one or more cards designated as wild .
These may be jokers , or they may be normal ranked and suited cards pressed into wild card duty ( " deuces wild " is a common variant ) .
In older poker material and among stud and draw poker players , it is sometimes referred to as sandbagging .
They resemble stud poker only in that cards are revealed to other players one at a time for each betting round .
No ties " is probably the more common rule , but this makes swing declarations so dangerous that they are rare , and therefore makes the game less interesting , so the ties-acceptable rule is preferred by some professionals .
No-limit Texas hold 'em example With one card to come , Bob has a made hand , but the board shows a potential flush draw .
Omaha hold 'em ( also known as Omaha holdem or simply Omaha ) is a community card poker game similar to Texas hold 'em , where each player is dealt four cards and must make his or her best hand using exactly two of them , plus exactly three of the five community cards .
The exact origin of the game is unknown , but casino executive Robert Turner first brought Omaha into a casino setting when he introduced the game to Bill Boyd , who offered it as a game at the Las Vegas Golden Nugget Casino ( calling it " Nugget Hold 'em " ) .
In the game of poker , open s and raise s are considered aggressive plays , while call s and check s are considered passive ( though a check-raise would be considered a very aggressive play ) .
It is said that " aggression has its own value " , meaning that often aggressive plays can make money with weak hands because of bluff value .
Whoever has revealed the highest ( or sometimes lowest ) card is the winner .
Peak oil Peak oil is the projection that future petroleum production ( whether for individual oil wells , entire oil fields , whole countries , or worldwide production ) will eventually peak and then decline at a similar rate to the rate of increase before the peak as these reserves are exhausted .
Generally these messages will contain directions on how to obtain more information , via a web site , hot line , radio program , et cetera ( as it is seen also for selling purposes among other goals ) .
Propagandists frequently argue their point by claiming that the other side is attempting to take away your control .
From such opposition emerged the culturally liberal television talk-show program Politically Incorrect ( 1993 – 2002 ) , and the culturally conservative book series of The Politically Incorrect Guide to a given subject , such as the U.S. Constitution , Capitalism , and The Holy Bible .
Etymology The term ploidy is a back-formation from haploid and diploid .
This contrasts with a common situation in plants where chromosome doubling accompanies , or happens soon after hybridization .
The top ranked party school by Playboy for 2009 was the University of Miami .
Photographers Many notable photographers have contributed to Playboy , including Ken Marcus , Richard Fegley , Arny Freytag , Ron Harris , Tom Kelley , David Mecey , Russ Meyer , Pompeo Posar , Suze Randall , Herb Ritts , Stephen Wayda , Sam Wu , Mario Casilli , Annie Leibovitz , Helmut Newton , and Bunny Yeager .
Reptiles underwent a major evolutionary radiation , in response to the drier climate that followed the rainforest collapse .
The Permian Period ( along with the Paleozoic Era ) ended with the largest mass extinction in Earth 's history , in which nearly 90 % of marine species and 70 % of terrestrial species died out .
In 1912 , Robeson attended Somerville High School , Somerville , New Jersey , where he performed in Julius Caesar , Othello , sang in the chorus , and excelled in football , basketball , baseball and track .
After a year of courtship , they were married in August 1921 .
For readers who are not comfortable with calculus , the following alternative is presented .
References
The Arab general Muhammad bin Qasim conquered Sindh and Multan in southern Punjab in 711CE .
Palas , Kohistan , has a significant population of Western Tragopan .
No teams have toured Pakistan since March 2009 , when militants attacked the touring Sri Lanka n cricket team .
The Sichuan Basin is capped in the north by the eastward continuation of the Kunlun range , the Qinling and Dabashan .
The United States Agency for International Development , however , withdrew US$ 10 million from the Fund in March 1985 based on allegations that coercion had been used .
Its pronunciation is based on the Beijing dialect of Mandarin , which was traditionally the formal version of the Mandarin or Chinese language .
The U.S. Government and United Nations also adopted the pinyin system for all names of people and places in mainland China .
China also has numerous minority religions , including Hinduism , and a number of more modern religions and sects , such as Xiantiandao ( Yiguandao ) , Zailiism and Deism .
In mid-1987 both satellites were still functioning .
By the June 2010 , China had 420 million internet users .
Carrying some 24 % of the world 's railway transport volume on only 6 % of the world 's railways , the national rail system is modernizing and expanding rapidly and is efficiently within the limits of all available resources .
Their land is sandy and stony , not fit for cultivation ; so they hunt and eat flesh .
Zeus , king of the Olympian gods , sentenced the Titan to eternal torment for his transgression .
Measurement of annual parallax was the first reliable way to determine the distances to the closest stars .
Therefore , when aiming its guns at the target , the fire control system must compensate for parallax in order to assure that fire from each gun converges on the target .
Consequently government censuses in 1922 and 1931 would categorize Palestinians confessionally as Muslims , Christians and Jews , with the category of Arab absent .
Lyrics are often sung in Arabic , Hebrew , English , and sometimes French .
File : Andre Geim 2010-1 .
See also References Further reading External links
Pythagoras of Samos ( , or simply ; b. about 570 – d. about 495 BC ) was an Ionian Greek philosopher , mathematician , and founder of the religious movement called Pythagoreanism .
Most of the information about Pythagoras was written down centuries after he lived , so very little reliable information is known about him .
Both Freemasonry and Rosicrucianism have claimed to have evolved out of the Pythagorean Brotherhood .
The illegal drug CAN-D allows people to " share " their experience of the " Perky Pat " ( the name of the main female character in the simulated world ) layouts .
Plot summary As the novel opens , its protagonist Ragle Gumm believes that he lives in the year 1959 in a quiet American suburb .
His unusual profession consists of repeatedly winning the cash prize in a local newspaper competition called , " Where Will The Little Green Man Be Next ? " .
People with no apparent connection to Gumm , including military pilots using aircraft transceivers , refer to him by name .
A first draft was in development by March .
A passport is a document , issued by a national government , which certifies the identity and nationality of its holder for the purpose of international travel .
The elements of identity contained in all standardized passports include information about the holder , including name , date of birth , gender and place of birth .
POV display devices can be used in combination with long camera exposures to produce light writing .
Films are effective propaganda tools because they establish visual icons of historical reality and consciousness , define public attitudes of the time they ’re depicting or that at which they were filmed , mobilize people for a common cause , or bring attention to an unknown cause .
Party list proportional representation The parties each list their candidates according to that party 's determination of priorities .
The IRA described its actions throughout " The Troubles " as a military campaign waged against the British Army , the RUC , other security forces , judiciary , loyalist politicians and loyalist paramilitaries in Northern Ireland , England and Europe .
, and Abdul performed it during the pre-game show for Super Bowl XLII . "
Some early PDAs were able to connect to the Internet indirectly by means off an external modem connected via the PDA 's serial port or " sync " connector , or directly by using an expansion card that provided an Ethernet port .
Microsoft Visual Studio and Sun Java also provide programming tools for developing survey instruments on the handheld .
POSIX.1-2008 POSIX.1-2008 or IEEE Std 1003.1-2008 represents the current version .
This was due in part to PTP 's advocacy .
Huston was also featured in a feat with super group Deltron 3030 on their self-titled album for the song The Fantabulous Rap Extravaganza .
The Cordilleran ice sheet covered the North American northwest ; the east was covered by the Laurentide .
Although less rich in than sea water , the snow that fell on the glacier year by year nevertheless contained and in a ratio that depended on the mean annual temperature .
This is in contrast to the glycopeptide antibiotics vancomycin and teicoplanin , which are both much larger than the penicillins .
Merchants ' poundThe merchants ' pound ( mercantile pound , libra mercantoria or commercial pound ) was equal to 9,600 wheat grains ( 15 tower ounces or 6,750 grains ) and was used in England until the 14th century for most goods ( other than money , spices and electuaries ) .
It was officially redefined as 1 kilogram , with an ounce of 100 grams , but people seldom use it this way .
All other types of atoms are composed of two or more protons and various numbers of neutrons .
The odour of combustion of this form has a characteristic garlic smell , and samples are commonly coated with white " ( di ) phosphorus pentoxide " , which consists of tetrahedra with oxygen inserted between the phosphorus atoms and at their vertices .
All of its isotope s are radioactive ; it is one of only two such elements that are followed in the periodic table by elements with stable forms , a distinction shared with technetium .
Almost 20 years later , it was claimed that the element occurs in natural neodymium in equilibrium in quantities below 10 − 20 grams of promethium per one gram of neodymium .
PaOBr3 has a monoclinic structure composed of double-chain units where protactinium has coordination 7 and is arranged into pentagonal bipyramids .
Carl von Sickingen researched platinum extensively in 1772 .
Health issues According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , short-term exposure to platinum salts may cause irritation of the eyes , nose , and throat , and long-term exposure may cause both respiratory and skin allergies .
The gamma radiation level from polonium is below the normal background .
The most stable class of polonium compounds are polonide s , which are prepared by direct reaction of two elements .
Because of the small abundance , isolation of polonium from natural sources is a very tedious process .
The alpha particles emitted by polonium can be converted to neutrons using beryllium oxide , at a rate of 93 neutrons per million alpha particles .
Reformers like authors Stefan Heym and Christa Wolf and attorney Gregor Gysi , lawyer of dissidents like Robert Havemann and Rudolf Bahro , soon began to re-invent a party infamous for its rigid Marxist-Leninist orthodoxy and police-state methods .
Toxins The research conducted by Bryan G. Fry et al. .
By June 3 , 1631 , the Dutch had started the settlement of the Delmarva Peninsula by establishing the Zwaanendael Colony on the site of present day Lewes , Delaware .
Other long-accredited AZA zoos include the Erie Zoo and the Pittsburgh Zoo & PPG Aquarium .
The temple towers flanking the main building had courtyards with pools used for ablutions at each end , flanked by stoas on three sides .
Using these two measurements , along with the rules of trigonometry , the length of the adjacent side ( the parsec ) can be found .
Jewish parchment The way in which parchment was processed ( from hide to parchment ) has undergone a tremendous evolution based on time and location .
The final paper is dried .
With that victory , the Steelers became the third team to win five Super Bowls , and the first sixth-seeded playoff team to reach and win the Super Bowl since the NFL expanded to a 12-team post-season tournament in 1990 .
Tomlin is the first African-American to be named head coach of the Pittsburgh Steelers in its 75-year history .
By virtue of being members of the AFC , most of the Steelers ' games air on CBS except for home games against NFC opponents , which air locally on WPGH-TV , which is a Fox affiliate .
In 1943 , when manpower shortages stemming from World War II made it impossible to fill the roster , the team merged with the Pittsburgh Steelers forming the " Phil-Pitt Eagles " and were known as the " Steagles . "
The Best Team award was bestowed by Beyond Sport , a London-based organization that promotes the use of sport for social good internationally .
In discussions and message boards dedicated to Pokey , Havelka revealed that Pokey was originally intended as a parody of another MS Paint comic about a penguin .
Recognition On January 26 , 2011 at Seattle ’s Benaroya Hall , Paul Allen was named Seattle Sports Commission Sports Citizen of the Year , an award that has been renamed the Paul Allen Award .
Nevertheless Pytheas did obtain latitudes , which , according to Strabo , he expressed in proportions of the gnōmōn ( " index " ) , or trigonometric tangent s of angles of elevation to celestial bodies .
In the 1935 , the British administration proposed to hand over substantial power to elected Indian provincial legislatures , with elections to be held in 1937 .
Amidst further allegations that economic development and hiring for government jobs favoured West Pakistan , the Bengali nationalism began to take a sharp rise and an independence movement began to gather ground in East Pakistan .
Many public figures and officials suspected even Benazir Bhutto 's involvement in the murder , although there were no proves .
The Citibank executive , Shaukat Aziz , returned to country upon Musharraf 's request to take the control of the national economy after securing the appointment in Finance ministry in 1999 .
From the eastern tip of the Wakhan Corridor starts the Sino-Pak border between the People 's Republic of China and Pakistan spanning about .
After independence and dissolution of Empire , Independent and free Pakistan contested the southern boundary of Sindh , and a succession of border incidents resulted .
The military regime as opposed to democratic precedent refused to extend an invite to the PPPP to prove majority and install its Prime Minister .
In recent years , the country has seen rapid growth in industries ( such as apparel , textiles , and cement ) and services ( such as telecommunications , transportation , advertising , and finance ) .
Zarai Taraqiati Bank Limited is the largest financial institution geared towards the development of agriculture sector through provision of financial services and technical expertise .
The rise in the trade gap was also fuelled by high oil import prices , food items , machinery and automobiles .
For the first time in years , it may have to seek external funding as Balance of Payments support .
The armies have a schedule for organizing joint military exercises .
This constitution banned the use , storage , and disposal of nuclear , toxic chemical , gas , and biological weapon s without first being approved by a 3/4 majority in a referendum .
Palau was initially settled over 3,000 years ago , and perhaps 4,500 years ago , probably by migrants from the Philippines .
British traders became prominent visitors in the 18th century , followed by expanding Spanish influence in the 19th century .
Politics of Palau takes place in a framework of a presidential representative democratic republic , where by the President of Palau is both head of state and head of government , and Palau currently has no political parties .
It is a de-facto non-partisan democracy since no law prevents the formation of political parties .
Palmyra Atoll ( ) is an unoccupied equatorial Northern Pacific atoll administered as an unorganized incorporated territory by the United States federal government .
The variable temporary population of 4 – 20 " non-occupants " are staff and scientists employed by various departments of the US government and The Nature Conservancy , as well as a rotating mix of Palmyra Atoll Research Consortium scholars pursuing research .
Balboa was the first known European to see the Pacific Ocean , which he named the South Sea .
Population density More than half the population lives in the Panama City - Colón metropolitan corridor .
Strong economic performance had reduced the national poverty level to 29 % in 2008 ; however , Panama had the second most unequal income distribution in Latin America .
Road travel is more dangerous during the rainy season and in the interior from Carnival through Good Friday .
This feature has some small cays in the southern side .
Furthermore , 74 % believed that the political situation needed changes , including 45 % who wanted a substantial or total change .
A large percentage of the population , especially in rural areas , derives its living from agricultural activity , often on a subsistence basis .
Leaving a small force on the northern shore of the broad estuary , Cabot proceeded up the Río Paraná uneventfully for about 160 kilometres and founded a settlement he named Sancti Spiritu .
They believed that permanent wives were inappropriate for warriors , so their marital relations were loose .
In contrast with the hospitable Guaraní , the Chaco tribes , such as the Payaguá ( whence the name Paraguay ) , Guaycurú , M'bayá , Abipón , Mocobí , and Chiriguano , were implacable enemies of the whites .
In essence , the government of Caraí Guazú ( " Great Señor " , as the poor called Francia ) was a dictatorship that destroyed the power of the elite and advanced the interests of common Paraguayans .
The state soon developed native industries in shipbuilding and textiles , a centrally planned and administered agricultural sector , which was more diversified and productive than the prior export monoculture , and other manufacturing capabilities .
Stroessner took a hard line from the beginning in his declaration of a state of siege , which he renewed carefully at intervals prescribed by the constitution .
A massive purge of the party followed .
In 2003 , Nicanor Duarte Frutos was elected and sworn in as president .
The Paraneña region can be generally described as consisting of an area of highlands in the east that slopes toward the Río Paraguay and becomes an area of lowlands , subject to floods , along the river .
This article is about the demographic features of the population of Paraguay , including population density , ethnicity , education level , health of the populace , economic status , religious affiliations and other aspects of the population .
Paraguay 's population is distributed unevenly throughout the country .
The Population Departement of the United Nations prepared the following estimates .
The second most important manufacturing activity also relied on agricultural inputs for its base .
Venezuela agreed to concessional financing that allowed Paraguay to pay over a 15-year period at a nominal interest rate .
The railway which connects Asunción to Encarnación actually does n’t operate , but there is still a connection between Encarnación and Posadas ( Argentina ) for the transport of agricultural goods .
The journalists claimed that Aguinagalde threatened to “ kill them with a machine gun ” if they continued to criticize his administration .
It also has facilities in Puerto Sajonia for helicopters and airplanes in SGAS .
Elevation measurements vary depending on whether the data refers to the ruin or the extremity of the mountain ; Machu Picchu tourist information reports the elevation as 2,350 m ( 7,711 ft ) [ 1 ] .
Spanish domination consolidated itself as successive indigenous rebellions were bloodily repressed .
In 1879 , Peru entered the War of the Pacific which lasted until 1884 .
The most promising sector is textiles , metal mechanics , food industry , agricultural industry , manufactures , chemicals , pharmaceuticals , machinery and services .
The Philippines ( ; ; ) , officially known as the Republic of the Philippines ( ) , is a sovereign state in Southeast Asia in the western Pacific Ocean .
To its north across the Luzon Strait lies Taiwan .
Since independence , the official name of the country has been the Republic of the Philippines .
It measures up to 2,954 meters ( 9,692 feet ) above sea level and is located on the island of Mindanao .
HSBC also projects the Philippine economy to become the 16th largest economy in the world , 5th largest economy in Asia and the largest economy in the South East Asian region by 2050 .
Some examples remain , mainly among the country 's churches , government buildings , and universities .
Spanish settlement and rule ( 1565 – 1898 ) Early Spanish expeditions and conquests Parts of the Philippine Islands were known to Europeans before the 1521 Spanish expedition around the world led by Portuguese - born Spanish explorer Ferdinand Magellan , who were not the first Europeans in the Philippines .
Topographically , the Philippines is broken up by the sea , which gives it one of the longest coastlines of any nation in the world .
The count was made official by then President Fidel Ramos by Proclamation No , 849 on August 14 , 1995 , The population was 68,616,536 .
Students then take the college entrance examinations ( CEE ) , after which they enter university ( 3 to 5 years ) .
3 .
As reported by The Philippine Star in an op-ed piece , the Commission on Audit said in its 2010 audit report for the Philippine Air Force ( PAF ) that with only 31 aging airplanes and 54 helicopters , the PAF " virtually has a non-existent air deterrent capability " and is " ill equipped to be operationally responsive to national security and development . "
A range of minerals — including manganese , iron , copper , gold , silver and zinc — have been discovered within the Exclusive Economic Zone ( EEZ ) , which extends 370 km offshore and comprises 880,000 km2 .
2005 ) .
The model capitalizes on the diversity of ecological niches in Puerto Rican forests and native disturbance regimes to formulate practices uniquely suited to the forests of the territory .
( The Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands , located in the western Pacific Ocean , has a similar delegation of self-government powers by the United States . )
Country code ( Top level domain ) : PR External links References
Basis for definition Defining a polyhedron as a solid bounded by flat faces and straight edges is not very precise and , to a modern mathematician , quite unsatisfactory .
Euler characteristic The Euler characteristic χ relates the number of vertices V , edges E , and faces F of a polyhedron : For a convex polyhedron or more generally for any simply connected polyhedron whose faces are also simply connected and whose boundary is a manifold , χ = 2 .
The dual of a noble polyhedron is also noble .
They are the 3D analogs of 2D orthogonal polygon s , also known as rectilinear polygon s. Orthogonal polyhedra are used in computational geometry , where their constrained structure has enabled advances on problems unsolved for arbitrary polyhedra , for example , unfolding the surface of a polyhedron to a polygonal net .
In linear programming , polytopes occur in the use of Generalized barycentric coordinates and Slack variable s. See also References External links
The objects “ in themselves ” as they might appear in their “ universal ” or “ absolute ” nature are forever hidden from us , and thus Kant effectively rules out the type of access to the world of the forms that had been formulated by Plato .
( Article 212 of the Criminal Procedure Code of Georgia ) Guilty plea of the defendant is not enough to render guilty judgment .
Theirs is a country of " murder and child rape " where the only respite is alcohol abuse .
It is called type identity in order to distinguish it from a similar but distinct theory called the token identity theory .
First , it is rational to form one 's metaphysical beliefs based on the methods of natural science .
Thus , Melnyk 's rebuttal , stated very crudely , is that one should define physicalism in relation to current physics , and hold a similar attitude towards its truth as most scientists hold towards the truth of currently accepted scientific theories .
Extensions Various implementations have been developed from Prolog to extend logic programming capabilities in numerous directions .
As Hans Eysenck described in his 1956 book Sense and Nonsense in Psychology , Eysenck compiled a list of political statements found in newspapers and political tracts and asked subjects to rate their agreement or disagreement with each .
The top layer becomes the embryo , and cells from there occupy the amniotic cavity .
The two largest producers of potato , China and India which accounted for over a third of world 's production in 2010 , had yields of 14.7 and 19.9 tonnes per hectare respectively .
The Portland Alliance , a largely anti-authoritarian progressive monthly , is the largest radical print paper in the city .
A 2011 study by Walk Score ranked Portland 12th most walkable of fifty largest US cities .
Both of Oregon 's senators , Ron Wyden and Jeff Merkley , are from Portland and are also both Democrats .
In the 1860s , a ring of Palmerston forts was constructed around the outskirts of Devonport , to protect the dockyard from attack from any direction .
Outdoor events and festivals are held including the annual British Firework Championships in August , which attracts tens of thousands of people across the waterfront .
This hiatus was due , in part , to the death of his mentor , Stéphane Mallarmé .
Counter proverbs " are not the same as a " paradoxical proverb " , a proverb that contains a seeming paradox .
Some artists have used proverbs and anti-proverbs for titles of their paintings , alluding to a proverb rather than picturing it .
Also , note the Italian proverb , " One barrel of wine can work more miracles than a church full of saints " .
In a specially built glasshouse he cultivated the Japanese plants to endure the Dutch climate .
See also Notes References External links
The word probability has been used in a variety of ways since it was first applied to the mathematical study of games of chance .
Does probability measure the real , physical tendency of something to occur or is it a measure of how strongly one believes it will occur , or does it draw on both these elements ?
Probability theory is the branch of mathematics concerned with probability , the analysis of random phenomena .
The central objects of probability theory are random variable s , stochastic process es , and event s : mathematical abstractions of non-deterministic events or measured quantities that may either be single occurrences or evolve over time in an apparently random fashion .
Peter Edward Cook ( 17 November 1937 – 9 January 1995 ) was an English actor , satirist , writer and comedian .
In 1968 , Cook and Moore briefly switched to ATV for four one-hour programmes entitled Goodbye Again , based on the Pete and Dud characters .
Koninklijke Philips Electronics N.V. ( Royal Philips Electronics , commonly known as Philips ) is a Dutch multinational electronics company headquartered in Amsterdam .
It was founded in Eindhoven in 1891 by Gerard Philips and his father Frederik .
In 1939 they introduced their electric razor , the Philishave ( marketed in the USA using the Norelco brand name ) .
On 21 February 2008 Philips completed the acquisition of VISICU Baltimore , Maryland .
Products Philips ' core products are consumer electronics and electrical products ( including audio equipment , Blu-ray players , computer accessories , televisions , small domestic appliances and shavers ) ; healthcare products ( including CT scanners , ECG equipment , mammography equipment , monitoring equipment , MRI scanner s , radiography equipment , resuscitation equipment , ultrasound equipment and X-ray equipment ) ; and lighting products ( including indoor luminaire s , outdoor luminaires , automotive lighting , lamps , lighting controls and lighting electronics ) .
Asimina is a genus of eight species of small tree s or shrubs with large simple leaves and large fruit , native to eastern North America , collectively referred to as Pawpaw .
The genus includes the widespread common pawpaw Asimina triloba , which bears the largest edible fruit indigenous to the continent .
The flowers produce an odor similar to that of rotting meat to attract blowflies or carrion beetle s for cross pollination .
For Pentecostals , there is no prescribed manner in which a believer will be filled with the Spirit .
Occurrence For the most part the Australopithecus species A. afarensis , A. africanus , and A. anamensis either disappeared from the fossil record before the appearance of early humans or seem to have been the ancestors of Homo habilis , yet P. boisei and P. aethiopicus continued to evolve along a separate path distinct and unrelated to early humans .
The quagga was hunted for its meat , the tarpan was hunted for sport , and a subspecies of black rhinoceros was hunted for its horn ( as with all other African rhinoceros species ) .
Strict and non-strict partial orders In some contexts , the partial order defined above is called a non-strict ( or reflexive , or weak ) partial order .
That which does exist is The Parmenidean One , which is timeless , uniform , and unchanging : Perception vs. LogosParmenides claimed that there is no truth in the opinions of the mortals .
It moves by combining pectoral , dorsal , anal , and caudal fin s. This makes it highly maneuverable , but very slow , and therefore a comparatively easy predation target .
This has been observed in captivity , and they are the only commonly captive-spawned puffer species .
The Institute of Psychoanalysis is the foremost publisher of psychoanalytic literature .
He classified psychoanalysis as a hermeneutics of suspicion .
See also References
DSM-IV-TR The DSM-IV-TR describes paraphilias as " recurrent , intense sexually arousing fantasies , sexual urges or behaviors generally involving ( 1 ) nonhuman objects , ( 2 ) the suffering or humiliation of oneself or one 's partner , or ( 3 ) children or other nonconsenting persons that occur over a period of 6 months " ( Criterion A ) , which " cause clinically significant distress or impairment in social , occupational , or other important areas of functioning " ( Criterion B ) .
A person who uses a home pressure washer for 10 hours a year may be satisfied with a pump that lasts 100 hours between rebuilds .
A parish is a territorial unit historically under the pastoral care and clerical jurisdiction of one parish priest , who might be assisted in his pastoral duties by a curate or curates - also priests but not the parish priest - from a more or less central parish church with its associated organization .
It often covered the same geographic area as the manor , under the lay jurisdiction of the Lord of the Manor , which generally shared the same name and from the creation of which the parish may have derived its existence .
In the United States these units go by a variety of names , but are commonly known as SWAT ( Special Weapons And Tactics ) teams .
Following is a list of physicist s who are notable for their achievements .
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z See also External links
In the physical science s , a phase is a region of space ( a thermodynamic system ) , throughout which all physical properties of a material are essentially uniform .
Consumer Reports magazine says , “ If [ your owner ’s manual ] says to use regular fuel , do so — there ’s no advantage to a higher grade .
This forgery was looked over during the scandal as they later found proper evidence .
It is required for DNA replication because the enzyme s that catalyze this process , DNA polymerase s , can only add new nucleotides to an existing strand of DNA .
Players would typically be split up into parallel games in order to keep the number of players per game at a reasonable level , with new games starting as old games ended .
In such cases , each turn submitted depletes a pool of credit which must periodically be replenished in order to keep playing .
During a conference in Paris , Teilhard stated : " For the observers of the Future , the greatest event will be the sudden appearance of a collective humane conscience and a human work to make . "
According to various etymologies , the earliest publication of the term picture element itself was in Wireless World magazine in 1927 , though it had been used earlier in various U.S. patents filed as early as 1911 .
The oldest example , the sieve of Eratosthenes ( see above ) is useful for relatively small primes .
His website won the Special Recognition for Service to Writers award from Preditors and Editors , an author 's guide to publishers and writing services .
The colossal statue of Athena by Phidias was not related to any cult and never inspired any recorded religious fervour .
See also Notes References Printed sources Online sources Further reading External links Videos
Wittgenstein also argues that one could n't possibly use the words of a private language .
It is only in this way that it is interesting to talk about something like a " private language " — i.e. , it is helpful to see how the " problem " results from a misunderstanding .
Poul William Anderson ( November 25 , 1926 – July 31 , 2001 ) was an American science fiction author who began his career during one of the Golden Ages of the genre and continued to write and remain popular into the 21st century .
For instance , the stamps being studied may be very rare , or reside only in museums .
Sometimes the terms " Puget Sound " and " Puget Sound and adjacent waters " are used for not only Puget Sound proper but also for waters to the north , such as Bellingham Bay and the San Juan Islands region .
All the months look like this : Year Day and Leap Day are not considered to be part of any month .
When the book hits the floor this kinetic energy is converted into heat and sound by the impact .
The views on predestination within Christianity vary somewhat in emphasis on one of these two perspectives .
The version of predestination espoused by John Calvin , after whom Calvinism is named , is sometimes referred to as " double predestination " because in it God predestines some people for salvation ( i.e. Unconditional election ) and some for condemnation ( i.e. Reprobation ) .
Thus , Calvinists may acknowledge with qualifications that , double predestination is a legitimate position , logically deduced from any form of single predestination that does not include universal salvation .
These differences are due to the distinctives of each faith 's belief system .
Priests and priestesses have existed since the earliest of times and in the simplest societies .
In the 20th century , the word was used in controversies surrounding the ordination of women .
Christianity With the growth of the Catholic Church and the formation of parish es , the word ἱερεύς , sacerdos , which Christians had since the 3rd century applied to bishop s and only in a secondary sense to presbyter s , began in the 6th century to be used of presbyters , and is today commonly used of presbyters , distinguishing them from bishops .
If a person is baptized in extremis ( i.e. , when in fear of immediate death ) , only the actual threefold immersion together with the scriptural words ( ) may be performed by a layperson or deacon .
C28-6571 ” written in New York from 1965 and superseded by “ PL/I Language Specifications .
Programming of packaged software constitutes one of the most rapidly growing segments of the computer services industry .
After spending two years as a Radcliffe lecturer at University College , Oxford , he was a visiting professor at New York University for 16 months .
Since a capacity to experience the sensations of suffering or satisfaction is a prerequisite to having any preferences at all , and a fetus , up to around eighteen weeks , says Singer , has no capacity to suffer or feel satisfaction , it is not possible for such a fetus to hold any preferences at all .
Following the baptism , construction began of Poznań 's cathedral , the first in Poland .
jpg | View of Basilica of St. Peter and St. Paul ( Ostrów Tumski , Poznań ) File : Poznań Katedra Podziemia Grobowiec Mieszka I RB1 .
Despite this , Falk participated in team sports , mainly baseball and basketball , as a boy .
Unlike previous recordings , the band had little time to practice beforehand , and Black Francis wrote much of the album in the studio .
The term Dark Ages is no longer in common use among modern scholars because of the difficulty of using it neutrally , though some writers have attempted to retain it and divest it of its negative connotations .
Despite the development over recent decades of the ability through radiocarbon dating and other scientific methods to give actual dates for many sites or artefacts , these long-established schemes seem likely to remain in use .
Petrarch collected his letters into two major sets of books called Epistolae familiares ( " Familiar Letters " ) and Seniles ( " Of Old Age " ) , a plan suggested to him by knowledge of Cicero 's letters .
The blades are attached to a boss ( hub ) , which should be as small as the needs of strength allow - with fixed pitch propellers the blades and boss are usually a single casting .
History of ship and submarine screw propellers James Watt of Scotland is generally credited with applying the first screw propeller to an engine at his Birmingham works , an early steam engine , beginning the use of an hydrodynamic screw for propulsion .
The two most common types of propeller cavitation are suction side surface cavitation and tip vortex cavitation .
After such an event the rubber bushing itself may be damaged .
In this and subsequent writings , Duesberg proposed his hypothesis that AIDS is caused by long-term consumption of recreational drug s and/or antiretroviral drugs , and that HIV is a harmless passenger virus .
These women wore maroon-colored outfits featuring hot pants and were called the Hot Pants Patrol .
The story is told from the point of view of a Lombard and is especially valuable for the relations between the Franks and the Lombards .
A platypus is born with teeth , but these drop out at a very early age , leaving the horny plates with which it grinds its food .
See also Notes References External links
The decision problem for Presburger arithmetic is an interesting example in computational complexity theory and computation .
The Dionysian writings and their mystical teaching were universally accepted throughout the East , amongst both Chalcedonian s and non-Chalcedonians .
According to several early sources , he was the second bishop of Rome after Saint Peter , making him the second pope .
A completely new compiler was completed by Welsh et al. at QUB in 1977 .
Although UCSD Pascal actually expanded the subset Pascal in the Pascal-P kit by adding back standard Pascal constructs , it was still not a complete standard installation of Pascal .
The German physician Franz Joseph Gall ( 1758 – 1828 ) in 1796 began lecturing on organology , the isolation of mental faculties and later cranioscopy , which was the reading of the skull 's shape as it pertained to the general individual .
The Phrenological Society of Edinburgh founded by George and Andrew Combe was an example of the credibility of phrenology at the time , and included a number of extremely influential social reformers and intellectuals , including the publisher Robert Chambers , the astronomer John Pringle Nichol , the evolutionary environmentalist Hewett Cottrell Watson and asylum reformer William A.F. Browne .
He declared that henceforth the moral reform of the Church would be the sole object of his life , a resolution he did not keep .
After the 1492 expulsion of Jews from Spain , some 9,000 impoverished Iberian Jews arrived at the borders of the Papal States .
He died at Civita Castellana on 30 August 1181 .
Perelman 's work survived review and was confirmed in 2006 , leading to his being offered a Fields Medal , which he declined .
Poincaré 's new condition — i.e. , " trivial fundamental group " — can be restated as " every loop can be shrunk to a point . "
John Milnor commented that sometimes the errors in false proofs can be " rather subtle and difficult to detect . "
First , although the subsets of a set form a set ( as well as a lattice ) , in some classes it may not be possible to organize the subalgebras of an algebra as itself an algebra in that class , although they can always be organized as a lattice .
On the occasion of the procession of the Greater Litanies ( 25 April , 799 ) , when the pope was making his way towards the Flaminian Gate , he was suddenly attacked by a body of armed men .
To everyone I extend the hand of friendship , recalling the splendid words of the Dhammapada : " Better than a thousand useless words is one single word that gives peace ... " Eastern Orthodox Church In May 1999 , John Paul II visited Romania on the invitation from Patriarch Teoctist Arăpaşu of the Romanian Orthodox Church .
In 1901 he entered the Congregation for Extraordinary Ecclesiastical Affairs , a sub-office of the Vatican Secretariat of State .
Historians Passelecq and Suchecky have argued that Pacelli learned about its existence only after the death of Pius XI and did not promulgate it as Pope .
The encyclical Divino Afflante Spiritu opened the doors for biblical research .
Catholics everywhere were called upon to offer " compassion and help " to the victims of the war .
The life of our times was enriched by a voice speaking out on the great moral truths above the tumult of daily conflict . "
Recent developments Two important and recent studies are worth mentioning here .
He ordered councils held throughout the West so that legates could present the universal tradition of the Western Church .
According to the Chronicon : One version of the Chronicon gives an alternative fate for the female pope .
During November , the Presidium , under Husak , declared that the Czechoslovak press could not make any negative remarks about the Soviet invaders or they would risk violating the agreement they had come to at the end of August .
This means regular database queries can use these data sources like regular tables , and even join multiple data sources together .
Adrian , who had never before been to Rome , was so ignorant of affairs that he had written asking that some suitable lodgings be obtained for him in Rome whence he could discharge his duties as pope .
See also Survey telescopes Notes References Further reading
It is also the historical capital of Bohemia proper .
jpg | The Charles Bridge is a historic bridge from the 14th century File : St. Vitus Cathedral 2007 .
Martin IV put Sicily and Pedro III under an interdict , deprived Pedro III of the kingdom of Aragon , and gave it to Charles of Valois , the younger of the sons of King Philip III of France , whom he assisted in his attempts to recover Sicily by force of arms .
Having been rebuilt after the war , Home Park was largely demolished as part of an extensive process of renovation , and the first phase of a new stadium built by Barrs plc was completed in May 2002 .
While some consider this significantly enhances readability , others have criticized it .
The Decimal type/class in module decimal ( since version 2.4 ) provides exact numerical representation and several rounding modes .
LibreOffice included Python and intends to replace Java with Python .
Two years later , Anderson isolated pure pyridine through fractional distillation of the oil .
A tri hydrate ( pyridine · 3H2O ) is known ; it also crystallizes in an orthorhombic system in the space group Pbca , lattice parameters a = 1244 , b = 1783 , c = 679 pm and eight formula units per unit cell ( measured at 223 K ) .
Direct sulfonation of pyridine is even more difficult than direct nitration .
Production car racing , Showroom stock racing Street Stock , Pure Stock , or U-Car racing includes all categories of auto racing where unmodified ( or very lightly modified ) car s race each other , outright and also in classes .
All cars usually have a protective roll cage and run race tires ( either slick s or radial ) .
The Roman aristocracy turned him down – they were beginning to fear the young , popular and successful general .
Even so , he was accompanied by a gigantic portrait head of himself , studded with pearls .
It can be presumed that they thought him the lesser of two evils .
In North Africa , a food similar to pasta , known as couscous , has been eaten for centuries .
Fiber for example , can be found in vegetables , beans , fish , tomato sauce , cheese , and meats such as poultry and lean ground beef .
Cadigan has won a number of awards , including the Arthur C. Clarke Award in 1992 and 1995 for her novels Synners and Fools ; She was a guest speaker at Microcon 28 in 2008 .
More recently , with new taxa being discovered and placed in the phylogeny if possible , it is becoming accepted that there were at least two major extinct lineages .
Their decline and disappearance coincided with the spread of the Squalodontoidea and other primitive , fish-eating toothed whale s , which certainly competed with them for food , and were ultimately more successful .
Penguins have a thick layer of insulating feathers that keeps them warm in water ( heat loss in water is much greater than in air ) .
The final scene shows the car being recovered from the swamp .
The voice of Norman Bates ' mother was maintained by noted radio actress Virginia Gregg with the exception of Psycho IV , where the role was played by Olivia Hussey .
A revival of the style began in 1978 , when the Penrhos microbrewery introduced a porter .
The mechanical advantage of the block and tackle is equal to the number of parts of the rope that support the moving block .
It is also assumed that the lines do not stretch .
Neutron beams are mostly produced by nuclear reactor s. For the production of electromagnetic radiation , there are many methods , depending upon the wave length ( see electromagnetic spectrum ) .
The private Fitzwilliam Hospital is situated in the landscaped grounds of the Milton Estate .
He appeared as Pee-wee once more in 1992 , when he participated in a Grand Ole Opry tribute to Minnie Pearl .
Being a big collector , Reubens had often bought in bulk , with one of his vintage magazines dealers declaring that " there 's no way " he could have known the content of each page in the publications he bought and that he recalled Reubens asking for " physique magazines , vintage 1960s material , but not things featuring kids " .
In February 2007 , Princeton became the 12th major library system to join Google 's ambitious project to scan the world 's great literary works and make them searchable over the Web .
Eating clubs , which are not officially affiliated with the university , serve as dining halls and communal spaces for their members and also host social events throughout the academic year .
It flew with quick , repeated flaps that increased the birds velocity the closer the wings got to the body .
The species was particularly fond of salt , which it ingested either from brackish springs or salty soil .
After being admitted to the degree of Bachelor of Arts in 1935 , White briefly settled in London , where he lived in an area that was frequented by artists .
The Council met in the church of St. John Lateran .
According to the CIA world factbook , as of 2009 , the following statistics are available on Palestinian Christians .
HCEF stated goal is to attempt to continue the presence and well-being of Arab Christians in the Holy Land and to develop the bonds of solidarity between them and Christians elsewhere .
The third was the system menu Graphical User Interface .
The package was available in 1981 and 1982 model years and was canceled in 1983 when the S model became available for these markets .
6 ) Count contains 2071 so-called S3 .5 US models made in later part of 1986 model year starting from November 1985 .
The epidermis of all aerial organs , but not roots , is covered with a cuticle made of the polyester cutin and/or the hydrocarbon polymer cutan with a superficial layer of waxes .
Amylose consists of a linear chain of several hundred glucose molecules and Amylopectin is a branched molecule made of several thousand glucose units ( every chain of 24 – 30 glucose units is one unit of Amylopectin ) .
The primary component is an orange giant of spectral type K4/K5III .
A party of this kind may also be held following the end of shooting for a motion picture ( called a “ wrap party ” ) or after the season ’s final episode of a television series .
Regulation of parties may run from a crackdown on or repression of all opposition parties , a norm for authoritarian governments , to the repression of certain parties which hold or promote ideals which run counter to the general ideology of the state 's incumbents ( or possess membership by-laws which are legally unenforceable ) .
PO is the largest party in the Sejm , with 207 seats , and the Senate , with 63 seats .
Core proposals from the party programme in the past included privatisation of the remaining public sectors of Polish economy , direct elections of mayors and regional governors , the first-past-the-post electoral system instead of proportional representation , labor law reform , independence over monetary policy by the National Bank of Poland , a 15 % flat tax , and the decentralization of the state .
It is situated in Northeast Texas at the western edge of the Piney Woods .
Somewhat similar gastropod pearls , this time more orange in hue , are ( again very rarely ) found in the horse conch Pleuroploca gigantea .
Islamic scriptures The Qur ' an often mentions that dwellers of paradise will be adorned with pearls :22:23 God will admit those who believe and work righteous deeds , to Gardens beneath which rivers flow : they shall be adorned therein with bracelets of gold and pearls ; and their garments there will be of silk .
The emperor rejected their decision out of hand and warned them not to proceed .
A common practice at the time was for Cardinals to vote for a Cardinal who was not considered a real possibility for the papacy on the first ballot , in order to see how the other Cardinals were leaning .
During the First World War women were recruited to work with and restore physical function to injured soldiers , and the field of physical therapy was institutionalized .
Legacy Pope John Paul I was the first pope to abandon the Papal Coronation , and he was the first Pope to choose a double name ( John Paul ) for his papal name .
Paul VI ( ; ) , born Giovanni Battista Enrico Antonio Maria Montini ( 26 September 1897 – 6 August 1978 ) , reigned as Pope of the Catholic Church from 21 June 1963 until his death on 6 August 1978 .
Succeeding Pope John XXIII , he continued the Second Vatican Council and fostered improved ecumenical relations with Orthodox and Protestants , which resulted in many historic meetings and agreements .
After his Polish mission , Giovanni Battista Montini returned to Rome , where soon he began to work in the Vatican .
Between the third and fourth sessions the Pope announced reforms in the areas of Roman Curia , revision of Canon Law , regulations for mixed marriage s involving several faiths , and birth control issues .
Reformation should be celebrated as a thanksgiving to God , his truth and his renewed life .
I always admired not only his deep inner resignation but also his constant abandonment to divine providence . " .
For example , 11C-Metomidate has been used to detect tumors of adrenocortical origin .
This , along with some setbacks in his astronomical work ( described below ) , undermined his health and contributed to his death from a stroke on November 12 , 1916 .
The methodology encompasses the management , control and organization of a project with consideration and emphasis beyond the project life-cycle and on the five aspects of sustainability , People , Planet , Profit , Process and Product .
The wavefunction must therefore vanish everywhere beyond the edges of the box .
Prominent books Greg Mandel trilogy ( 1993 – 1995 ) Hamilton first came to prominence in the mid-1990s with three novels featuring the psychic detective Greg Mandel .
But Hamilton pulls no punches on humanity 's darker side .
Edenists heavily genetically modify their children , including the gene which allows affinity to develop from conception .
After a mandatory stint in the armed forces , including an encounter with Joshua Calvert in which he outsmarts her , Syrinx takes her ship and her crew into the realm of commercial shipping , becoming competitors with Calvert and his ship .
Antipope Boniface VII ( Franco Ferrucci , died July 20 , 985 ) , was an antipope ( 974 , 984 – 985 ) .
He is supposed to have put Pope Benedict VI to death .
The family arose from the aristocracy in the 10th century and began to take on a major role in politics in the 970s after the death of Pope John XIII who had family ties with Crescentius .
Thus optical amplification , and laser operation , can take place at a frequency of ν32 ( E3-E2 = hν32 ) .
In the microwave region , the Boltzmann distribution of molecules among energy states is such that , at room temperature all states are populated almost equally .
He was buried in his father ’s tomb in the Florentine church of Santo Spirito .
PDF has ( as of version 1.6 ) 24 graphics state properties , of which some of the most important are : Vector graphics Vector graphics in PDF , as in PostScript , are constructed with paths .
These fonts , or suitable substitute fonts with the same metrics , must always be available in all PDF readers and so need not be embedded in a PDF .
Today , third-party PostScript-compatible interpreters are widely used in printers and multifunction peripherals ( MFPs ) .
Likewise the colonies banned many secular entertainments , such as games of chance , maypole s , and drama , on moral grounds .
In July 2012 , the Hamas government in Gaza was reported as considering a declaration of the independence of the Gaza Strip , with the support of neighboring Egypt .
The Palestinian Authority became responsible for civil administration in some rural areas , as well as security in the major cities of the West Bank and the Gaza Strip .
Palestinian leaders stated the Arab world was " continuing to ignore " repeated requests for help .
Beginning March 2006 , " the Palestinian Authority will face a cash deficit of at least $ 110 million a month , or more than $ 1 billion a year , which it needs to pay full salaries to its 140,000 employees , who are the breadwinners for at least one-third of the Palestinian population .
A second son , Henry Charles Albert David , was born two years after William , on 15 September 1984 .
During her visit , Diana helped the needy families in Lahore , met with Islamic scholars and students .
She said she had bulimia nervosa from 1981 onwards .
Because of this runner , the mouldboard plough is harder to turn around than the scratch plough , and its introduction brought about a change in the shape of fields – from mostly square fields into longer rectangular " strips " ( hence the introduction of the furlong ) .
The steel ploughs were so much easier to draw through the soil that the constant adjustments of the blade to react to roots or clods was no longer necessary , as the plough could easily cut through them .
Many other organisations , clubs , and committees , both political and non-political are led by Presidents as well .
Nominees campaign across the country to explain their views , convince voters and solicit contributions .
No president has declared himself to be irreligious , agnostic , or atheist .
Peer review methods are employed to maintain standards of quality , improve performance , and provide credibility .
Usually , there are two or three referees for a given article .
The prime minister is , like other ministers , normally sworn in by the governor-general and then presented with the commission ( Letters patent ) of office .
The Peter 's Pence Act outlawed the annual payment by landowners of one penny to the Pope .
The Spartans , whose intervention would have been the trigger for a massive war to determine the fate of the empire , called a congress of their allies to discuss the possibility of war with Athens .
The Athenians , in response , reminded the Spartans of their record of military success and opposition to Persia , and warned them of the dangers of confronting such a powerful state , ultimately encouraging Sparta to seek arbitration as provided by the Thirty Years ' Peace .
Their opposition led to the reinstitution of a democratic government in Athens within two years .
He also persuaded the Athenian fleet to attack the Spartans at the battle of Cyzicus in 410 .
By using a turboexpander , the electricity needs for compressed storage at 200 bars amounts to 2.1 % of the energy content .
These functions are well documented on the PHP site ; however , the built-in library has a wide variety of naming conventions and inconsistencies .
If a __ clone ( ) method is defined , then it will be responsible for setting the necessary properties in the created object .
Another approach for reducing compilation overhead for PHP servers is using an opcode cache .
Marriage and issue Priam had many wives ; his first was Arisbe , who had given birth to his son Aesacus , who met his death before the Trojan War .
Priam is killed during the Sack of Troy by Achilles ' son Neoptolemus ( also known as Pyrrhus ) .
It then replaces all the primitive propositions ✸ 1.2 to ✸ 1.72 with a single primitive proposition framed in terms of the stroke : The new introduction keeps the notation for " there exists " ( now recast as " sometimes true " ) and " for all " ( recast as " always true " ) .
And it fails for because Zeus is not a mortal .
Now equipped with the matrix notion , PM can assert its controversial axiom of reducibility : a function of one or two variables ( two being sufficient for PM 's use ) where all its values are given ( i.e. , in its matrix ) is ( logically ) equivalent ( " ≡ " ) to some " predicative " function of the same variables .
Paul the Apostle ( ) , original name Saul of Tarsus ( ) , was a Christian missionary who took the gospel of Christ to the first-century world .
He is generally considered one of the most important figures of the Apostolic Age and one of the greatest religious leaders of all time .
Sources The main source for information about Paul 's life is the material found in his epistles and in the book of Acts .
Paul left Ephesus after an attack from a local silversmith resulted in a pro- Artemis riot involving most of the city .
Christian tradition holds that Paul was beheaded in Rome during the reign of Nero around the mid-60s at Tre Fontane Abbey ( English : Three Fountains Abbey ) .
But unfortunately , at the turn of the century , these deemed necessary and fair integrations were never acted upon and never re-established .
Until this day , five of these organizations have international status , two of them have a national status and as many as fourteen have a republican status .
He paved the streets of Rome and the roads leading from the city , and widened the Corso .
It is likely that this palindrome is from medieval rather than ancient times .
I diet on cod " and " Never odd or even " . "
Relieving the Sovereign of these responsibilities and gaining control over the Cabinet 's composition was an essential part of evolution of the Premiership .
The King agreed and created the Treasury Commission consisting of the First Lord of the Treasury , the Second Lord , and three Junior Lords .
Seated in the front , directly across from the ministers on the Treasury Bench , the leaders of the opposition form a " Shadow Government " , complete with a salaried " Shadow Prime Minister " , the Leader of the Opposition , ready to assume office if the government falls or loses the next election .
The threat to humans in developed countries is rising as a result of social trends : the increase in organic farming , which uses manure and sewage sludge rather than artificial fertilizer s , and spreads parasites both directly and via the droppings of seagull s which feed on manure and sludge ; the increasing popularity of raw or lightly cooked foods ; imports of meat , seafood and salad vegetables from high-risk areas ; and , as an underlying cause , reduced awareness of parasites compared with other public health issues such as pollution .
One of the cardinals fell ill and died .
Realizing his lack of authority , he consulted with Cardinal Benedetto Caetani ( his eventual successor ) about the possibility of resignation .
In February 1836 , after studying 97 proposals , the Commission chose Charles Barry 's plan for a Gothic-style palace , awarding him a prize ( or " premium " ) of £ 1500 .
The Architectural Magazine summarised Barry 's winning plan as " a quadrangular pile , with the principal front facing the Thames , and a tower in the centre , 170ft .
Each scene represents a chivalric virtue ; the largest , between the two doors , is entitled Admission of Sir Tristram to the Round Table and illustrates the virtue of Hospitality .
There are no cross-benches as in the House of Lords .
UK residents may also tour the Elizabeth Tower , by applying through their local Member of Parliament ; overseas visitors and small children are not allowed .
These words express the deep and respectable knowledge that Palaestrio has of the Latin language .
Jokes and wordplay Plautus ' comedies abound in puns and word play , which is an important component of his poetry .
W. B. Sedgwick has provided a record of the Amphitruo , perennially one of Plautus ’ most famous works .
Since z and z * share no prime factors , this doubling is also true for them .
Before 1901 Picasso ’s training under his father began before 1890 .
The prophecies were all fulfilled on the then-existing temple that Jesus spoke about and that was subsequently destroyed within that generation .
Upon the request of the Lombard king , Liutprand , Gregory had given the pallium to Bishop Serenus , granting him the patriarchate of Aquileia .
Eutychius sent an emissary to Rome , with instructions to kill Gregory and the chief nobility in the city , but the plot was uncovered and foiled .
Over the centuries , the use of complete Psalms in the liturgy declined .
Anglican usage Anglican chant is a method of singing prose versions of the Psalms .
The Anglo-Saxon Chronicle entry for 501 claims that " Portesmuða " was founded by a Saxon warrior called Port , though historians do not accept that origin of the name .
The site continues to explain that , even in a workplace in which swearing is the norm , there is no need to participate in it .
The imperial allies in Rome soon disbanded .
It explored several changes to the original Unix model that facilitate the use and programming of the system , notably in distributed multi-user environments .
In a decree dated 18 April 1591 ( Bulla Cum Sicuti ) , Gregory XIV ordered reparations to be made by Catholics in the Philippines to the natives , who had been forced into slavery by Europeans , and he commanded under pain of excommunication of the owners that all native slaves in the islands be set free .
jpg | Prosciutto di Parma ( cured ham ) File : Tortelli d'erbetta .
It plays in the city 's stade Ennio Tardini which used to host up to 29,000 spectators but is being renovated in 2008 after the club was demoted to Serie B. In spring 2009 the team was promoted again in the top league ( Serie A ) .
In 1915 , some Pickelhauben began to be made from thin sheet steel .
Gregory XIII ( ; ; 7 January 1502 – 10 April 1585 ) , born Ugo Boncompagni , was Pope from 1572 to 1585 .
The Governor General would become a more symbolic figure .
She may appear as a mystical divinity with a scepter and a little box , but she was mostly represented in the act of being carried off by Hades .
During the Thirty Years ' War ( 1618 – 1648 ) , about 8 million Germans were killed by bubonic plague and typhus fever .
In January 2009 , an Al-Qaeda training camp in Algeria was reportedly wiped out by the plague , killing approximately 40 Islamic extremists .
Pervez Musharraf ( ; born 11 August 1943 ) is a retired four-star general and a politician who was brought to power through a military coup d'état in 1999 .
He served as the tenth President of Pakistan from 2001 until 2008 .
Chief Executive 1999 coup Military officials from Musharraf 's Joint Staff Headquarters ( JS HQ ) met with regional corps commanders three times in late September in anticipation of a possible coup .
When Musharraf resigned from military on 28 November 2007 , Kayani became Chief of Army Staff .
64 bytes from 43-10 .
Common items pawned ( or , in some instances , sold outright ) by customers include jewelry , electronics , collectibles , musical instruments , and tools .
It was aimed at the many counterfeit brokers in London .
Whitehead did not define the topology of his actual entities in modern terms , but it seems that he envisaged them as convex compact or ' oval ' sets in Minkowski space .
Datum is a term coined by Whitehead to show the different variants of information possessed by actual entity .
Robert Nutting replaced McClatchy as majority owner , becoming the sixth majority owner in Pirates history .
He was an active Pope , involved in the administration of the Church and the handling of various factions and viewpoints within it .
Although sources say that Pope Siricius was the first Bishop of Rome to style himself Pope , other authorities say the title " Pope " was from the early 3rd century an honorific designation used for any bishop in the West .
PowerPC ( short for Performance Optimization With Enhanced RISC – Performance Computing , sometimes abbreviated as PPC ) is a RISC instruction set architecture created by the 1991 Apple – IBM – Motorola alliance , known as AIM .
Hesiod concedes that occasionally a man finds a good wife , but still ( 609 ) " evil contends with good . "
Plasticity may refer to : Science Art and entertainment Events
In the common law , the peremptory pleas ( pleas in bar ) are plea s that set out special reasons for which a trial can not go ahead .
They are the plea of autrefois convict , the plea of autrefois acquit , and the plea of pardon .
The PLTE chunk is essential for color type 3 ( indexed color ) .
This is particularly important in relating separate rows , since DEFLATE has no understanding that an image is a 2D entity , and instead just sees the image data as a stream of bytes .
It is recognized as the " sole legitimate representative of the Palestinian people " by the United Nations and over 100 states with which it holds diplomatic relations , and has enjoyed observer status at the United Nations since 1974 .
Its Statement of Proclamation of the Organization declared " ... the right of the Palestinian Arab people to its sacred homeland Palestine and affirming the inevitability of the battle to liberate the usurped part from it , and its determination to bring out its effective revolutionary entity and the mobilization of the capabilities and potentialities and its material , military and spiritual forces " .
As the military campaign was moving toward a conclusion , Saloth decided to move the party toward implementing a socialist transformation of the country in the form of a series of decisions .
Pol Pot 's actions made the operation much more visible than the Vietnamese had intended and created a situation in which Vietnam appeared weak .
Another construction of the same projective plane shows that no line can be distinguished ( on geometrical grounds ) from any other .
After extensive testing , which can take up to 6 years , the new medicine is ready for marketing and selling .
Curtin University ( known as Curtin University of Technology until 2010 ) is Western Australia 's largest university by student population , and was known from its founding in 1966 until 1986 as the Western Australian Institute of Technology ( WAIT ) and had amalgamated with Western Australian School of Mines and the Muresk Institute .
Heritage buildings There are several heritage buildings located in Perth 's CBD .
Toward the end of the PDP-8 era , operating systems such as OS/8 and COS-310 allowed a traditional line mode editor and command-line compiler development system using languages such as PAL-III assembly language , FORTRAN , BASIC , and DIBOL .
Porsche Automobil Holding SE , usually shortened to Porsche ( ) , is a German holding company with investments in the automotive industry .
Audi , Mercedes , Opel , Studebaker , SEAT , Daewoo , Subaru , Zastava Automobiles and others have consulted Porsche Engineering Group for their cars or engines .
In July 2010 , Porsche appointed Volkswagen executive Matthias Müller to its new CEO position , moving Michael Macht to another executive position within Volkswagen AG .
Pain is an unpleasant feeling often caused by intense or damaging stimuli , such as stubbing a toe , burning a finger , putting alcohol on a cut , and bumping the " funny bone . "
The International Association for the Study of Pain 's widely used definition states : " Pain is an unpleasant sensory and emotional experience associated with actual or potential tissue damage , or described in terms of such damage " .
According to Woolf , there are three classes of pain : nociceptive pain ( see hereunder ) , inflammatory pain which is associated with tissue damage and the infiltration of immune cells , and pathological pain which is a disease state caused by damage to the nervous system ( neuropathic pain , see hereunder ) or by its abnormal function ( dysfunctional pain , like in fibromyalgia , irritable bowel syndrome , tension type headache , etc. ) .
Duration Pain is usually transitory , lasting only until the noxious stimulus is removed or the underlying damage or pathology has healed , but some painful conditions , such as rheumatoid arthritis , peripheral neuropathy , cancer and idiopathic pain , may persist for years .
The authors proposed that both thin ( pain ) and large diameter ( touch , pressure , vibration ) nerve fibers carry information from the site of injury to two destinations in the dorsal horn of the spinal cord , and that the more large fiber activity relative to thin fiber activity at the inhibitory cell , the less pain is felt .
Other organisations include those that deal with other concerns , but have a strong pacifist element .
A low oil level light was added to the dash as well as a 180 mph speedometer as opposed to the 170 mph speedometer on the 1986 model Turbos .
Production was limited to two years ; 1987 and 1988 only .
Advertising dollars in traditional media productions have declined and many traditional media outlets are seeing declining circulation in favor of online and social media news sources .
Interactive PR allows companies and organizations to disseminate information without relying solely on mainstream publications and communicate directly with the public , customers and prospects .
Presbyterianism is represented in Ireland by the Presbyterian Church in Ireland , the Free Presbyterian Church of Ulster , the Non-subscribing Presbyterian Church of Ireland , the Reformed Presbyterian Church of Ireland and the Evangelical Presbyterian Church .
English parliamentary procedure , such as Jefferson ’s Manual of Parliamentary Procedure , developed not to facilitate talk , but to facilitate decision-making .
After a referendum on devolution it was recreated on 1 July 1999 .
The whole population of the city — boyars , merchants , and common citizens — then gathered at Yaroslav 's Court .
On 17 February 2005 the Center for Biological Diversity filed a petition asking that the polar bear be listed under the Endangered Species Act .
I saw the present in the past .
A reading board for these cards can be seen at the Columbia University Computing History site .
Pope Innocent I ( , ) was pope from 401 to 12 March 417 .
According to his biographer in the Liber Pontificalis , Innocent was a native of Albano and the son of a man called Innocentius , but his contemporary Jerome referred to him as the son of the previous pope , Anastasius I , probably a unique case of a son succeeding his father in the papacy .
The site of Philippi was so strategically sound that the Byzantines attempted very soon to recapture it ca. 850 .
In June 2005 , Victoria travelled to Turkey on an official visit where she participated in the Swedish Business Seminar and Sweden Day celebrations in Ankara during a historic visit , which was organised by the Swedish Embassy in Ankara and Swedish Trade Council in Istanbul .
Innocent V ( , ; c. 1225 – 22 June 1276 ) , born Pierre de Tarentaise , was Pope from 21 January 1276 until his death .
He was born around 1225 near Moûtiers in the Tarentaise region of the County of Savoy , but another hypothesis affirms he was born in La Salle .
Early PAL receivers relied on the human eye to do that cancelling ; however , this resulted in a comb-like effect known as Hanover bars on larger phase errors .
The game was slow and methodical , with little passing between players and few set plays that required specific movements by participants without the ball .
One such order implemented the government 's ban of GCHQ staff from joining a trade union .
He accepted the tiara with reluctance and took the name Innocent III .
John also declared that the tax would be collected throughout England as well .
The role of the President is similar to that of a national Prime Minister chairing a cabinet .
As the cylinder or disc rotates , a stylus or needle traces the wavy lines and vibrates to reproduce the recorded sound waves .
Talking machine " had earlier been used to refer to complicated devices which produced a crude imitation of speech by simulating the workings of the vocal cords , tongue and lips , a potential source of confusion both then and now .
By 1890 , record manufacturers had begun using a rudimentary duplication process to mass-produce their product .
Technical measurements show that similarly low flutter ( 0.025 % WRMS ) and rumble ( -78 dB weighed ) figures are possible for high quality turntables , be they belt drive or direct drive .
Of note are Rabco 's SL-8 , followed by Bang & Olufsen with its Beogram 4000 model in 1972 .
The Zo'e tribe in the state of Pará on the Cuminapanema River , Brazil , also practice polyandry .
Similar counsel is repeated in the first chapter of the Epistle of Titus .
Like other Jews , Karaites interpret to mean that a man can only take a second wife if his first wife gives her consent ( Keter Torah on Leviticus , pp .
Big Love is an HBO series about a polygamous family in Utah in the first decade of the 21st century .
A parade ( also called march or marchpast ) is a procession of people , usually organized along a street , often in costume , and often accompanied by marching bands , floats or sometimes large balloons .
Parades are held for a wide range of reasons , but are usually celebrations of some kind .
Since both parents had graduated from institutes in Saint Petersburg , they decided to educate him as they had themselves been educated .
British musicologist David Brown named Italian as a possible influence for Tchaikovsky 's most characteristic melodies , noting that these themes are " expressively full " and tend to unwind broadly ; their " clear periodic structure " can be " disguised by the very expansiveness of the individual phrase and by its sequential extension , which may be prolonged . "
( For more on this practice , see Variation immediately below . )
Early career From the late 1940s through the mid-1960s , Trudeau was primarily based in Montreal and was seen by many as an intellectual .
Furthermore , his cultural legacy can be found in Canada 's strong ties to multiculturalism .
The words for pencil in German ( Bleistift ) , Irish ( Peann Luaidhe ) , Arabic ( قلم رصاص qalam raṣāṣ ) , and other languages literally mean lead pen .
By the end of the 19th century over 240,000 pencils were used each day in the US .
Hermann Staudinger faced similar prejudices in the 1920s when he argued that rubber was composed of macromolecule s. Thus , several alternative hypotheses arose .
Catatonia Catatonia describes a profoundly agitated state in which the experience of reality is generally considered to be impaired .
This type of catatonia presents with waxy flexibility .
He did not neglect written sources that proved essential material for his histories from the period from 264 BC to 220 BC .
Lost works The Romans loved the Lives , and enough copies were written out over the centuries so that a copy of most of the lives managed to survive to the present day .
The songs were included on an album released by the couple , Peter & Sophia , which reached number five in the UK Albums Chart .
In 1974 , Sellers portrayed a " sexually voracious " Queen Victoria in Joseph McGrath 's comedic biographical film of the Scottish poet William McGonagall , The Great McGonagall , starring opposite Milligan and Julia Foster .
Kw has a value of about 10 − 14 at 25 ° C , so pure water has a pH of about 7 .
H ] 2 + 6.46 × 10 − 5 [ H ] - 6.46 × 10 − 7 = 0Step 3 : Solve the quadratic equation .
Glass then went on to the Juilliard School of Music where the keyboard became his main instrument .
These habitats alternate along the coast of Sweden and the habitat that the seeds of Hieracium umbellatum land in , determine the phenotype that grows .
These electrons are shuttled through an electron transport chain , the so-called Z-scheme shown in the diagram , that initially functions to generate a chemiosmotic potential across the membrane .
For example , the IDX procedure may be used to remove a deceased fetus ( e.g. due to a miscarriage or feticide ) that is developed enough to require dilation of the cervix for its extraction .
Only for the 3rd century BC have we a secure basis .
So far as Latin writing is concerned , it marks the dawn of modern times .
As the titular character , the player runs , skateboards , rolls , and stumbles through various areas , avoiding dangers and collecting cans of Pepsi all while trying to reach a thirsty person as in the commercials .
By the early 19th century , encouraged by lower duties on gin , the gin houses or " Gin Palaces " had spread from London to most cities and towns in Britain , with most of the new establishments illegal and unlicensed .
During the 1970s pubs provided an outlet for a number of bands , such as Kilburn and the High Roads , Dr. Feelgood and The Kursaal Flyers , who formed a musical genre called Pub rock that was a precursor to Punk music .
Princeton may refer to : Places Princeton , New Jersey Other places in New Jersey Princeton University Schools Other places in the United States Canada Geographic landmarks Other
The punk subculture includes a diverse array of ideologies , and forms of expression , including fashion , visual art , dance , literature , and film , which grew out of punk rock .
Punk is largely characterized by a concern for individual freedom and anti-establishment views .
Early punk fashion adapted everyday objects for aesthetic effect : ripped clothing was held together by safety pins or wrapped with tape ; ordinary clothing was customised by embellishing it with marker or adorning it with paint ; a black bin liner became a dress , shirt or skirt ; safety pins and razor blades were used as jewellery .
polyamory collaborated on a FAQ ( frequently asked questions ) post that was updated periodically , and included the group 's definition of " polyamory " .
After contesting the decision for two years , Divilbiss eventually agreed to relinquish her daughter , acknowledging that she was unable to adequately care for her child and that this , rather than her polyamory , had been the grandparents ' real motivation in seeking custody .
The polyubiquinated protein is targeted to an ATP-dependent protease complex , the proteasome .
Randolph Peter " Pete " Best ( born 24 November 1941 ) is a British musician , principally known as the original regular drummer in the Beatles .
He was born in the city of Madras , then part of British India .
In 1995 , the surviving Beatles released Anthology 1 , which featured a number of tracks with Best as drummer , including songs from the Decca and Parlophone auditions .
The website claimed that it needed at least 50,000 people to sign up for the Power and the Magpies to merge .
Port won its first game in the AFL in Round 3 against Geelong on 12 April 1997 by 39 points .
Adelaide dominated early proceedings , but kept Port Adelaide in the game with their wasteful kicking for goal , with 3.8 , and two shots out on the full .
Gerbert took the name of Sylvester II , alluding to Pope Sylvester I ( 314 – 335 ) , the advisor to Emperor Constantine I ( 324 – 337 ) .
The definition of pottery used by ASTM is " all fired ceramic wares that contain clay when formed , except technical , structural , and refractory products . "
Clay : Early potters used whatever clay was available to them in their geographic vicinity .
En plein air ( ) is a French expression which means " in the open air , " and is particularly used to describe the act of painting outdoors , which is also called peinture sur le motif ( " painting on the ground " ) in French .
Artists have long painted outdoors , but in the mid-19th century working in natural light became particularly important to the Barbizon school and Impressionism .
People were determining eligibility for themselves . "
Cambridge Tracts in Mathematics , 152 .
The also houses the ( the Cathedral ) , the Baptistry and the ( the monumental cemetery ) .
Membranophones produce sound when the membrane or head is struck . "
His teacher Giovanni da Legnano sponsored him at Rome , where Pope Urban VI ( 1378 – 89 ) took him into the Curia , sent him for ten years as papal collector to England , made him Bishop of Bologna in 1386 at a time of strife in that city , and Archbishop of Ravenna in 1387 .
Innocent X ( ; ; 6 May 1574 – 7 January 1655 ) , born Giovanni Battista Pamphilj ( or Pamphili ) , was Pope from 1644 to 1655 .
Born in Rome of a family from Gubbio in Umbria who had come to Rome during the pontificate of Pope Innocent IX , he graduated from the Collegio Romano and followed a conventional cursus honorum , following his uncle Girolamo Pamphilj as auditor of the Rota , and like him , attaining the dignity of Cardinal-Priest of Sant ' Eusebio , in 1629 .
The privatization process is expected to last until 2017 .
For an example of an infinite abelian p-group , see Prüfer group , and for an example of an infinite simple p-group , see Tarski monster group .
For instance , of the 49 910 529 484 different groups of order at most 2000 , 49 487 365 422 , or just over 99 % , are 2-groups of order 1024 .
The New Kid is about a boy who 's moving to a new planet with his family because of his father 's career .
On the same day , Scott Kurtz , creator of the webcomic PvP and a longtime friend of Krahulik and Holkins , used the image of the letter Thompson sent to the Seattle PD to create a parody letter in which Jack attempts to enlist the aid of the Justice League of America by claiming Gabe and Tycho to be villains of some description .
In 1996 , the Constitutional Review Group recommended that the office of President should remain largely unchanged .
Eugene II ( , ) , Pope ( c. 824 – 27 August 827 ) , a native of Rome , was chosen to succeed Paschal I .
Prima facie ( ; from ) is a Latin expression meaning on its first encounter , first blush , or at first sight .
The literal translation would be " at first face " or " at first appearance " , from the feminine form of primus ( " first " ) and facies ( " face " ) , both in the ablative case .
A prima facie case might not stand or fall on its own ; if an opposing party introduces other evidence or asserts an affirmative defense it can only be reconciled with a full trial .
The various implied warranties cover those expectations common to all products ( e.g. , that a tool is not unreasonably dangerous when used for its proper purpose ) , unless specifically disclaimed by the manufacturer or the seller .
Etymologically , this Hindic word means ' truth-firmness ' , and is commonly translated as ' steadfastness in the truth ' or ' truth-force ' .
10 million in cash , convertible in any currency in the world , a plaque and a citation .
Beginning in late February 1944 , 8th Air Force fighter units began systematic strafing attacks on German airfields with increasing frequency and intensity throughout the spring with the objective of gaining air supremacy over the Normandy battlefield .
The permanent axis must turn towards this line , since the body can not continue to rotate about any line that is not a principal axis of maximum moment of inertia ; that is , the permanent axis turns in a direction at right angles to that in which the torque might be expected to turn it .
The same goes for the molecules at 9 o'clock ; they are still travelling vertically upward , unaffected by the force that was applied .
See also nodal precession .
This term is applied both generically to all such machines ( such as the Java Virtual Machine and MATLAB precompiled code ) , and to specific implementations , the most famous being the p-Machine of the Pascal-P system , particularly the UCSD Pascal implementation .
Still " the Right " -- the moderately liberal wing of the Congress -- under the leadership of František Palacký ( 1798-1876 ) , a Czech historian and politician ; and Pavol Jozef Šafárik ( 1795-1861 ) , a Slovak philologist , historian and archaeologist .
The Porsche Boxster is a mid-engined two-seater roadster built by Porsche .
The Boxster is Porsche 's first road vehicle to be originally designed as a roadster since the 550 Spyder .
Patrick Abercromby ( 1656 – c. 1716 ) , Scottish physician and antiquarian , noted for being physician to King James VII ( II of England ) and his fervent opposition to the Act of Union between Scotland and England .
Early life Patrick Abercromby was the third son of Alexander Abercromby of Fetterneir in Aberdeenshire , and brother of Francis Abercromby , who was created Lord Glasford by King James II .
Therefore , some of the Secretary 's actions are unable to be reviewed by a court of law .
Three of them H_r form the four vector density in the surface .
The Franc Poincaré is a unit of account that was used in the international regulation of liability .
It is defined as 65.5 milligrams of gold of millesimal fineness .900 .
Color palette A PCX file has space in its header for a 16 color palette .
During the " War of the Holy League " and the " Italian Wars " , alliances and participants changed dramatically .
Supposedly , this kind of pizza was then named after the Queen as Pizza Margherita , though recent research disproves this legend .
Only pizzas which followed these guidelines could be called " traditional Italian pizzas " in Italy .
The Italian association Associazione Verace Pizza Napoletana has an independent branch in Japan .
( borrowed from Japanese " goban " 碁盤 meaning " go board " ) History Pente is a registered trademark of Hasbro for strategy game equipment .
The word pompatus ( ) , also spelled pompitous , is a neologism used in the lyrics of Steve Miller 's 1973 rock song " The Joker " .
Later versions The later versions ( the A-2 , A-3 , and B-3 ) were larger , weighed more , and had longer ranges than the A-1 .
We also have three essays , extant only in Latin translation : Ten doubts concerning providence ; On providence and fate ; On the existence of evils .
What appears to be multiplicity is not multiplicity at all , because any henad may rightly be considered the center of the polycentric system .
The term prophet is applied to those who receive public or private revelation .
However , each state also has its own rules of civil procedure , which may require different or stricter rules in state court .
A more recent paper analyzing 24 mostly ancient languages , including three Anatolian languages , produced the same time estimates and early Anatolian split .
Pterosaurs are the earliest vertebrate s known to have evolved powered flight .
The first and perhaps best known of these is the distinctive backward-pointing crest of some Pteranodon species , though a few pterosaurs , such as the tapejarids and Nyctosaurus sported incredibly large crests that often incorporated keratinous or other soft tissue extensions of the bony crest base .
Recently , several new pterosaur taxa have been discovered dating to the Campanian/Maastrichtian , such as the ornithocheirids Piksi and " Ornithocheirus " , possible pteranodontids and nyctosaurids , and a tapejarid .
Three mitochondrial outer membrane receptors are known : TOM20 , TOM22 and TOM70 TOM70 : Binds to internal targeting peptides and acts as a docking point for cytosolic chaperones .
Post-1945 rules : Most books today say that unless trump is led you need not try to win the trick .
Some varieties accept a " Round house " , kings and queens of each suit , and earn a bonus 10 points awarding a total of 250 points .
Some fruitless attempts were made towards unification with the Greek Church .
The secular fortunes of the Della Rovere began when Sixtus invested his nephew Giovanni with the lordship of Senigallia and arranged his marriage to the daughter of Federico III da Montefeltro , duke of Urbino ; from this union came a line of Della Rovere dukes of Urbino that lasted until the line expired in 1631 .
Before becoming Pope , he spent time at the then very liberal and cosmopolitan University of Padua , which maintained considerable independence from the Church and had a very international character .
The new Panama Railroad closely paralleled the canal where feasible , but was moved and reconstructed where it interfered with canal work .
Building the Gatun Lake reservoir would require less excavation by expensive steam shovels and allow more excavation work that could be done with less expensive dredges .
These shovels were some of the largest in the world when they were introduced in 1906 , and were used primarily on the Gaillard Cut and the lock-building projects .
Coincidentally , this was also the same month that fighting in World War I began in Europe .
Some civilization critics point out that modern societies rely on technology to invent and promote new technology , often resulting in a degree of pro-technology propaganda , and this backpropagation would mean that mankind hands over control to a living machine .
A preservative is a naturally occurring or synthetically produced substance that is added to products such as foods , pharmaceuticals , paints , biological samples , wood , etc. to prevent decomposition by microbial growth or by undesirable chemical changes .
There are two types of preservatives .
Other prominent professional wrestling companies worldwide include the US-based Total Nonstop Action Wrestling ( TNA ) , Combat Zone Wrestling , and Ring of Honor organizations , Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre and Asistencia Asesoría y Administración in Mexico , and the Japanese New Japan Pro Wrestling , All Japan Pro Wrestling , and Pro Wrestling Noah leagues .
However , even though it is now standard , many announcers will explicitly state this ( e.g. " The following contest is set for one fall with a 20-minute time limit . " )
These matches are given a time limit ; if not enough falls are scored by the end of the time limit , the match is declared a draw .
While invented long before , the practice of including music with the entrance gained rapid popularity during the 1980s , largely as a result of the huge success of Hulk Hogan and the WWF , and their Rock 'n' Wrestling Connection .
It consists of a heavy blade mounted atop a wooden or metal pole with a pointed metal counter weight used for striking and stabbing on the opposite end .
The US Supreme Court , largely abolished the exercise of jurisdiction on the basis of ' quasi in rem ' in Shaffer v. Heitner , except in exceptional circumstances , which sometimes would arise while dealing with real property such as land , and when the owner of the land can not be found .
The system for payment and the way in which the card is used to place a telephone call vary from card to card .
The current prime minister is Benjamin Netanyahu of Likud , the ninth person to hold the position ( excluding caretakers ) .
Article 16 , allowing the president a limited form of rule by decree for a limited period of time in exceptional circumstance , has been used only once , by Charles de Gaulle during the Algerian War , from 23 April to 29 September 1961 .
Peyton Randolph ( September 10 , 1721 – October 22 , 1775 ) was a planter and public official from the Colony of Virginia .
He served as speaker of the Virginia House of Burgesses , chairman of the Virginia Conventions , and the first President of the Continental Congress .
2008 Anti-piracy operations On 18 December 2008 , Chinese authorities deployed People 's Liberation Army Navy vessels to escort Chinese shipping in the Gulf of Aden .
History In an informal sense , psychotherapy can be said to have been practiced through the ages , as individuals received psychological counsel and reassurance from others .
Critics suggest that we idealize the situation when we think of therapy only as a helping relation , that it is fundamentally a political practice , in that some cultural ideas and practices are supported while others are undermined or disqualified , and while it is seldom intended , the therapist-client relationship always participates in society 's power relations and political dynamics .
Examples of pathological science may include homeopathy , Martian canal s , N-rays , polywater , water memory , perpetual motion , and cold fusion .
Further , modern systems can also be computer-controlled , allowing , among other things , the tracking of any specific capsule .
Relative significance of each driving force mechanism The actual vector of a plate 's motion must necessarily be a function of all the forces acting on the plate .
An important conclusion was that along this system , new ocean floor was being created , which led to the concept of the " Great Global Rift " .
In reality , this question had been solved already by numerous scientists during the forties and the fifties , like Arthur Holmes , Vening-Meinesz , Coates and many others : The crust in excess disappeared along what were called the oceanic trenches , where so-called " subduction " occurred .
Nowadays , extensive studies are dedicated to the calibration of the normal-reversal patterns in the oceanic crust on one hand and known timescales derived from the dating of basalt layers in sedimentary sequences ( magnetostratigraphy ) on the other , to arrive at estimates of past spreading rates and plate reconstructions .
The Philips Videopac + G7400 was a video game console released in limited quantities in 1983 , and only in Europe ; an American release as the Odyssey ³ Command Center was planned but never occurred .
The G7400 was the successor to the Philips Videopac G7000 , the European counterpart to the American Magnavox Odyssey ² .
The first units manufactured were branded with Sears ' " Tele-Games " name .
See also References External links
Pelé grew up in poverty in Bauru , São Paulo .
Pelé finished as the second best scorer of the competition with 4 goals .
The award was originally intended to be based upon votes in a web poll , but after it became apparent that it favoured Diego Maradona , many observers complained that the Internet nature of the poll would have meant a skewed demographic of younger fans who would have seen Maradona play , but not Pelé .
Papias According to Irenaeus , Polycarp was a companion of Papias , another " hearer of John " as Irenaeus interprets Papias ' testimony , and a correspondent of Ignatius of Antioch .
3 ) that on Polycarp 's visit to Rome , his testimony converted many disciples of Marcion and Valentinus .
Increasing work and attempted entry of the United States The Court faced increasing work as it went on , allaying the fears of those commentators who had believed the Court would become like the Supreme Court of the United States , which was not presented with a case for its first six terms .
History and culture The origin of this piercing is unknown .
The story centers around a miner and his daughter and follows the lives and loves of the people in a mining camp in Gold Rush - era California .
The musical ran on Broadway in 1951 and in the West End in 1953 .
The production ran at Avery Fisher Hall , Lincoln Center from July 9 , 2002 through July 13 , and then at the Eisenhower Theater , Kennedy Center , from September 3 , 2002 through September 8 .
The house was destroyed by fire in 1777 .
PA-RISC is an instruction set architecture ( ISA ) developed by Hewlett-Packard .
As the name implies , it is a reduced instruction set computer ( RISC ) architecture , where the PA stands for Precision Architecture .
The public television station M1 starts the prime time with a game show at 6:30 p.m. , which followed by the daily news programme Híradó at 7:30 p.m. .
The field is primarily concerned with the construction and validation of measurement instruments such as questionnaire s , tests , and personality assessments .
A usual procedure is to stop factoring when eigenvalues drop below one because the original sphere shrinks .
Associationism " , as this theory would come to be called , exerted a powerful influence over eighteenth-century thought , particularly educational theory , as nearly every educational writer warned parents not to allow their children to develop negative associations .
The educational philosophy 's overarching goals are to provide young people the basis on which to develop into free , morally responsible and integrated individuals , and to help every child fulfill his or her unique destiny , the existence of which anthroposophy posits .
In linguistics and grammar , a pronoun is a word or form that substitutes for a noun or noun phrase .
It is a particular case of a pro-form .
See also Notes Further reading External links
Therefore the swing of the pendulum in clocks is limited to 2 ° to 4 ° .
If a discrete input is energized , the memory bit is a 1 , and a " normally open " contact controlled by that bit will pass a logic " true " signal on to the next element of the ladder .
David attended New York University , where he graduated with a Bachelor of Arts degree in journalism .
David is an avid fan of bowling , and a bowler himself , as is his daughter Ariel .
These roads are now designated the M2 and M4 .
It links Pretoria to Cullinan and Bronkhorstspruit in the east and Hartbeespoort in the west .
However there remained considerable uncertainty about the issue .
The X-ray source associated with Procyon A/B was observed on April 1 , 1979 , with the Einstein Observatory high-resolution imager ( HRI ) .
The pp II branch The pp II branch is dominant at temperatures of 14 to .
Pat Mills is a British comics writer and editor who , along with John Wagner , revitalised British boys comics in the 1970s , and has remained a leading light in British comics ever since .
He has been called " the godfather of British comics " .
Some academics are keen to discern traces of other poststructuralist philosophers throughout Auster 's oeuvre - mainly Jacques Derrida , Jean Baudrillard , and Michel de Certeau - although Auster has claimed to find such philosophies ' unreadable ' .
The 178th General Assembly in 1966 accepted a revised draft and sent it to presbyteries throughout the church for final ratification .
The presbytery has authority over many affairs of its local congregations .
In June 2006 , after the General Assembly in Birmingham , Alabama changed policy ( details ) , both pro-Israel and pro-Palestinian groups praised the resolution .
Javanese does not have modal voice in its stop s , but contrasts two other points along the phonation scale , with more moderate departures from modal voice , called slack voice and stiff voice .
In this domain no q and r exist , with 0 ≤ | r | < 4 , so that ( 1 + \ sqrt ) =( 4 ) q + r , despite 1 + \ sqrt and 4 having a greatest common divisor of 2 .
The flaps were finally incorporated into the production line in June 1944 on the last 210 P-38Js .
Because its distinctive shape was less prone to cases of mistaken identity and friendly fire , Lieutenant General Jimmy Doolittle , Commander 8th Air Force , chose to pilot a P-38 during the Invasion of Normandy so that he could personally assess the progress of the air offensive over France .
Delivered , after refurbishing , at the rate of one per month , they finally were all sent to the AMI by 1952 .
Majors Richard I. " Dick " Bong and Thomas B. " Tommy " McGuire of the USAAF competed for the top position .
In the National Census of Pakistan ( 1981 ) Seraiki , Pahari or Potohari and Hindko ( previously categorized as " Western Punjabi " ) , got the status of separate languages , which explains the decrease of the percentage of Punjabi speakers .
Most of these can be further sub-divided into clans and family groups .
Pupils who had not done this are not permitted to start primary school as they will be examined before starting .
It produces prestigious wines as Barolo , Barbaresco , from the Langhe near Alba , and the Moscato d'Asti as well as the sparkling Asti from the vineyards around Asti .
Where [ are ] Haifa and Jaffa , Lod and Ramle , Acre , Safed and Tiberias ?
Walter Laqueur argues that hostility between Christians and Jews grew over the generations .
As punishment for the rebellion of 1641 , almost all lands owned by Irish Catholics were confiscated and given to Protestant settlers .
Japan Tokugawa Ieyasu assumed control over Japan in 1600 .
The effects of the persecution on the Church were profound .
However , new advances in technology have allowed for more sophisticated communication for speakers and public orators .
Pecorino Romano was produced in Latium up to 1884 when , due to the prohibition issued by the city council of salting the cheese inside their shops in Rome , many producers moved to the island of Sardinia .
Philip decided to return to France to settle the issue of succession in Flanders , a decision that displeased Richard , who said , " It is a shame and a disgrace on my lord if he goes away without having finished the business that brought him hither .
Pittsburgh ( , ) is the seat of Allegheny County and with a population of 307,484 is the second-largest city in the U.S. Commonwealth of Pennsylvania .
With a metropolitan CSA population of 2,661,369 it is the largest in both the Ohio Valley and Appalachia and the 22nd-largest in the U.S. Pittsburgh is known as both " the Steel City " for its more than 300 related businesses and " the City of Bridges " for its world record 446 bridges .
Private schools in Pittsburgh include North Catholic High School , Bishop Canevin High School , Seton-La Salle Catholic High School , Central Catholic High School , Oakland Catholic High School , Winchester Thurston School , St. Edmund 's Academy , and The Ellis School .
In developed countries during the late 19th and early 20th centuries , improvements were made in community sanitation , including better sewage disposal and clean water supplies .
Then , the area of R is This result can be found as follows .
Notable polymaths A number of people have been described as " polymaths " by reliable sources , fulfilling the primary definition of the term , although there may not be expert consensus that each is a prime example in the secondary meaning , as " Renaissance men " and " universal geniuses " ( see the list of renaissance men above for prime examples of " renaissance men " or " universal geniuses " ) .
This basic design would carry through the transition to the Intel-based MacBook Pro , lasting until late 2008 .
Shapes and materials In addition to the most common rectangular shape , stamps have been issued in geometric ( circular , triangular and pentagonal ) and irregular shapes .
He approached Latin American countries with an offer to produce their entire postage stamp needs for free .
Ambiguous figures demonstrate that a single stimulus can result in more than one percept ; for example the Rubin vase which can be interpreted either as a vase or as two faces .
Horn music makes greater use of the higher range of the harmonic series than do most other modern brass instruments .
AX .25 was developed in the 1970s and is based on the wired network protocol X. 25 .
Most commonly used method is one using audio frequency-shift keying ( AFSK ) within the radio equipment 's existing speech bandwidth .
A long running rumor in the industry is that Tarantino has been interested in filming a new version of Bret Easton Ellis ′ book Less Than Zero ( 1985 ) .
Tarantino stated " I 'm not saying that I 'll never get married or have a kid before I 'm 60 , but I 've made a choice , so far , to go on this road alone .
Because this is my time to make movies . "
Quantiles are points taken at regular intervals from the cumulative distribution function ( CDF ) of a random variable .
Dividing ordered data into q essentially equal-sized data subsets is the motivation for q-quantiles ; the quantiles are the data values marking the boundaries between consecutive subsets .
When the U.K. announced a policy in 1968 ( reaffirmed in March 1971 ) of ending the treaty relationships with the Persian Gulf sheikdom s , Qatar joined the other eight states then under British protection ( the seven trucial sheikdoms — the present United Arab Emirates -- and Bahrain ) in a plan to form a union of Arab emirates .
In 1996 , the Qatargas project began exporting liquefied natural gas ( LNG ) to Japan .
References Notes Bibliography External links
This was a major breakthrough as more than a year of political wrangling could not yield an agreement despite pressure from the West and the [ collective ] Arab League .
The Quaternary Period is the most recent of the three periods of the Cenozoic Era in the geologic time scale of the ICS .
See also Notes External links
In other words , classical mechanics is simply a quantum mechanics of large systems .
It is also believed therein that any well-defined application of the quantum mechanical formalism must always make reference to the experimental arrangement , due to the complementarity nature of evidence obtained under different experimental situations .
They often have group sewing and quilting classes , where one can learn how to sew or quilt and work with others to exchange skills .
Note : If the quilt will be hung on the wall , there is an additional step : making and attaching the hanging sleeve .
This new version marks a major change in the platform , with hardware-accelerated graphics , QML and JavaScript playing a major role .
Sports See also See also Notes References External links
Not only were there rival machines with " down-stroke " and " frontstroke " positions that gave a visible printing point , the problem of typebar clashes could be circumvented completely : examples include Thomas Edison 's 1872 electric print-wheel device which later became the basis for Teletype machines ; Lucien Stephen Crandall 's typewriter ( the second to come onto the American market ) whose type was arranged on a cylindrical sleeve ; the Hammond typewriter of 1887 which used a semi-circular " type-shuttle " of hardened rubber ( later light metal ) ; and the Blickensderfer typewriter of 1893 which used a type wheel .
Normally " Bloq Mayús " is used instead of " Caps Lock " , and " Intro " instead of " Enter " .
The IHV contained most of the weapons ( excepting the Gauntlet ) that would make it into the final game although most were not fully modeled ; a chainsaw and grappling hook were also in the IHV but did not make it into the final release .
Emperor Justinian I also created the offices of quaesitor , a judicial and police official for Constantinople , and the quaestor exercitus , a short-lived joint military-administrative post covering the border of the lower Danube .
The tradition continued to produce objects that were very highly valued until the mid-19th century , when it largely fell from fashion except in jewelry .
The quasar that appears brightest in the sky is 3C 273 in the constellation of Virgo .
Quasars also show ' forbidden ' spectral emission lines which were previously only seen in hot gaseous nebulae of low density , which would be too diffuse to both generate the observed power and fit within a deep gravitational well .
They are emergent gauge bosons in an approximate string description of QCD .
Each episode starts the player from scratch , without any previously collected items .
On January 22 , 1997 , id Software released GLQuake .
WinQuake instead accessed hardware via Win32 - based APIs such as DirectSound , DirectInput , and DirectDraw that were supported on Windows 95 , Windows NT 4.0 and later releases .
For example , if one begins with the Lagrangian density and then applies the Euler – Lagrange equation , one obtains the equation of motion This equation is Newton 's law of universal gravitation , expressed in differential form in terms of the gravitational potential φ ( t , x ) and the mass density ρ ( t , x ) .
Despite the nomenclature , the " field " under study is the gravitational potential , φ , rather than the gravitational field , g. Similarly , when classical field theory is used to study electromagnetism , the " field " of interest is the electromagnetic four-potential ( V/c , A ) , rather than the electric and magnetic fields E and B. Quantum field theory uses this same Lagrangian procedure to determine the equations of motion for quantum fields .
Dynamics Once the Hamiltonian operator is obtained as part of the canonical quantization process , the time dependence of the state is described with the Schrödinger equation , just as with other quantum theories .
The most popular unit of quantum information is the qubit , a two-level quantum system .
The European Center for Disease Prevention and Control recommends fluoroquinolones and the antibiotic clindamycin should be minimized in clinical practice due to their high association with C. difficile , a potentially life-threatening super-infection .
Similarly , Baltimore Ravens quarterback Joe Flacco retains a high degree of control over the offense , particularly when running a no-huddle scheme .
Maximum and minimum properties Among all quadrilaterals with a given perimeter , the one with the largest area is the square .
Representation The two states in which a qubit may be measured are known as basis states ( or basis vector s ) .
Quechua ( endonym " Runa Simi " ) is a Native South American language family spoken primarily in the Andes of South America , derived from a common ancestral language .
It is the most widely spoken language family of the indigenous peoples of the Americas , with a total of probably some 8 to 10 million speakers .
Quest for Glory V also features special kinds of equipment which lower some stats while raising others .
Health ( determined by strength and vitality ) determines the hit points of the character , which decreases when the player is attacked or harms himself .
The Times has accused quangos of bureaucratic waste and excess .
Some had straps or rope sewn to them for carry , but many either were tucked into the belt or set on the ground before battle to allow easier access .
If we consider the difference between the new state n ' _ i and the old state n_i to be the state change over one moment of time , then we can state that the time derivative of n_i is given by this difference , \ dot _ i = n ' _ i-n_i we can write : The quasispecies equations are usually expressed in terms of concentrations x_i where The above equations for the quasispecies then become for the discrete version : or , for the continuum version : A simple example The quasispecies concept can be illustrated by a simple system consisting of 4 sequences .
In addition , many surrounding countries , such as Korea ( Joseon Dynasty ) , Vietnam and Nepal , were tributary state s of China during much of this period .
QAM modulation is being used in optical fiber systems as bit rates increase ; QAM16 and QAM64 can be optically emulated with a 3-path interferometer .
Mark Witton et al. .
In 2010 , Donald Henderson argued that the mass of Q. northropi had been underestimated , even the highest estimates , and that it was too massive to have achieved powered flight .
In amateur radio , QRP operation means transmitting at reduced power levels while aiming to maximize one 's effective range while doing so .
The term QRP derives from the standard Q code used in radio communications , where " QRP " and " QRP ? "
Butterworth-Heinemann and other publishers have offered several books which provide step-by-step guides to whom seeking the quality certifications of their products , , , , , .
Although not noted in the body of the published text , the published paper was slightly revised prior to publication .
Soon , eightfold diffraction patterns were recorded in V-Ni-Si and Cr-Ni-Si alloys .
Because these schemes pad the plaintext m with some number of additional bits , the size of the un-padded message M must be somewhat smaller .
Starship Troopers is a coming-of-age story about duty , citizenship , and the role of the military in society .
Heinlein challenges his readers ' possible racial preconceptions by introducing a strong , sympathetic character , only to reveal much later that he or she is of African or other ancestry ; in several cases , the covers of the books show characters as being light-skinned , when in fact the text states , or at least implies , that they are dark-skinned or of African ancestry .
The book is sprinkled with racist slurs against Asian people , and blacks and Hispanics are not mentioned at all .
and mentioned John Galt — the hero in Rand 's " Atlas Shrugged " — as a heroic archetype in The Moon is a Harsh Mistress .
Mountain ranges are found along the southern borders , such as the Caucasus ( containing Mount Elbrus , which at is the highest point in both Russia and Europe ) and the Altai ( containing Mount Belukha , which at the is the highest point of Siberia outside of the Russian Far East ) ; and in the eastern parts , such as the Verkhoyansk Range or the volcanoes of Kamchatka Peninsula ( containing Klyuchevskaya Sopka , which at the is the highest active volcano in Eurasia as well as the highest point of Asian Russia ) .
Nonetheless , empirical tests can be conducted on some of the results derived from the models .
Unfortunately , this meant that parishioners could no longer understand the sermons of their priests , forcing the Council of Tours in 813 to issue an edict that priests needed to translate their speeches into the rustica romana lingua , an explicit acknowledgement of the reality of the Romance languages as separate languages from Latin .
This produced a seven-vowel system , still maintained in conservative languages such as Italian and Portuguese , and lightly transformed in Spanish ( where ) .
Holtus / Metzeltin / Schmitt ] * [ Michael Metzeltin , '' Las lenguas románicas estándar .
It is the responsibility of the match officials to check players ' clothing and equipment before a game to ensure that it conforms to the laws of the game .
This resulted in rugby being viewed as a bourgeois sport by the indigenous people with limited appeal .
The idea resurfaced several times in the early 1980s , with the Australian Rugby Union ( ARU ) and the New Zealand Rugby Union ( NZRU ) independently writing to the IRFB seeking to conduct a World Cup tournament .
Everett contests that language must have discrete infinity , and asserts that the Pirahã language — which he claims lacks recursion — is in fact finite .
Divide and conquer serves as a top-down approach to problem solving , where problems are solved by solving smaller and smaller instances .
In 1965 the state abolished capital punishment , with the last execution having occurred in 1959 .
By the time the vote for majority leader came , his lead was so secure that his lone rival , Minnesota 's Hubert Humphrey , withdrew before the balloting took place .
The money goes to teacher training programs that are geared to improving the knowledge of history teachers .
He subsequently proposed the names of Sauropsida and Ichthyopsida for the two .
Shedding and regenerating tails Geckos , skinks , and other lizards that are captured by the tail will shed part of the tail structure through a process called autotomy and thus be able to flee .
The other professional minor league team is the Providence Bruins ice hockey team , of the American Hockey League , who are an affiliate of the Boston Bruins .
According to the philologist Max Müller , the root of the English word " religion " , the Latin religio , was originally used to mean only " reverence for God or the gods , careful pondering of divine things , piety " ( which Cicero further derived to mean " diligence " ) .
One of its central concepts is " halakha " , sometimes translated as " law " " , which guides religious practice and belief and many aspects of daily life .
Echoes of James ' and Durkheim 's definitions are to be found in the writings of , for example , Frederick Ferré who defined religion as " one 's way of valuing most comprehensively and intensively " .
Several religions that are classified as parody religions have a number of relatively serious followers who embrace the perceived absurdity of these religions as spiritually significant , a decidedly post-modern approach to religion .
Criticism Religious criticism has a long history , going back at least as far as the 5th century BCE .
Reed College is a private and independent liberal arts college located in southeast Portland , Oregon .
Founded in 1908 , Reed is a residential college with a campus located in Portland 's Eastmoreland neighborhood , featuring architecture based on the Tudor - Gothic style , and a forested canyon nature preserve at its center .
Local reporter James Pitkin of the newspaper Willamette Week editorialized that " Reed College , a private school with one of the most prestigious academic programs in the U.S. , is one of the last schools in the country where students enjoy almost unlimited freedom to experiment openly with drugs , with little or no hassles from authorities , " though Willamette Week stated the following week concerning Pitkin 's editorial : " As of press time , almost 500 responses , many expressing harsh criticism of Willamette Week , had been posted on our website . "
This led The New York Times to conclude that " Reed . . . has long been known almost as much for its unusually permissive atmosphere as for its impressively rigorous academics . "
Portland architect A. E. Doyle developed a plan , never implemented in full , modeled on the University of Oxford 's St. John 's College .
The college 's least-loved complex ( as measured by applications to the College 's housing lottery ) , MacNaughton and Foster-Scholz , is known on campus as " Asylum Block " because of its post-World War II modernist architecture and interior spaces dominated by long , straight corridors lined with identical doors , said by students to resemble that of an insane asylum .
The tradition of insulting one 's friends or acquaintances in rhyme goes back to the dozens , and was portrayed famously by Muhammad Ali in his boxing matches .
Also significant was the advent of soul music as a major commercial force .
This change of direction was compared to punk and in the late 1970s became known as the New Wave of British Heavy Metal ( NWOBHM ) .
Death metal developed out of thrash , particularly influenced by the bands Venom and Slayer .
Detroit rapper Esham became known for his " acid rap " style , which fused rapping with a sound that was often based in rock and heavy metal .
His mother was a native of Searcy , Arkansas .
Limbaugh began his career in radio as a teenager in 1967 in his hometown of Cape Girardeau , using the name Rusty Sharpe .
2000s Limbaugh had publicized personal difficulties in the 2000s .
After his surrender , he filed a " not guilty " plea to the charge .
After the war After the war he was reunited with his father , and moved back to Kraków .
Polanski 's screenplay adaptation earned him a second Academy Award nomination .
On release from prison after 42 days , Polanski understood that at the final sentencing he would be put on probation .
Because of this , he is required to remain in one place during songs containing complex instrumentation .
The two consecutive tours in support of Snakes & Arrows in 2007 and 2008 accrued $ 21 million and $ 18.3 million , respectively , earning Rush the number 6 and 8 spots among the top ten summer rock concerts .
Flaherty shot Moana in Safune on the island of Savai'i where he lived with his wife and family for more than a year .
Man of Aran was a major critical success , and for decades was considered in some circles an even greater achievement than Nanook .
As a result , the magazine has seen its circulation increase and its reporters invited as experts to network television programs of note .
( USA Today , Associated Press Anick Jesdanun ) On November 5 , 2012 the magazine published its first cover in the Spanish language as recognition to the influence of Latino artists in American culture .
The country 's entry into the European Union in 2007 has been a significant influence on its domestic policy .
The Romania national handball team is a four-time world champion team , with Sweden and France ( record holder ) , while Oltchim Râmnicu Vâlcea is a top team in women 's handball .
The last told me afterwards that he did so purposely that [ Chambers ] might see that reasonings in the style of the author of the Vestiges would not be tolerated among scientific men . "
Consequently , rhetoric remains associated with its political origins .
He describes the proper training of the orator in his major text on rhetoric , De Oratore , modeled on Plato 's dialogues .
Harvard University , the first university in the United States , based on the European model , taught a basic curriculum , including rhetoric .
One of the concerns of the age was to find a suitable style for the discussion of scientific topics , which needed above all a clear exposition of facts and arguments , rather than the ornate style favored at the time .
Initially they took a stormy sea passage to London , from which Wagner drew the inspiration for Der fliegende Holländer ( The Flying Dutchman ) , with a plot based on a sketch by Heinrich Heine .
Sol-gel Sol-gel science ( aka chemical solution deposition ) is a wet-chemical technique widely used in the fields of materials science , glass production and ceramic engineering .
But not everything went well for the Church during the Counter-Reformation .
Near treeline , zones can consist of white pines ( such as whitebark pine or bristlecone pine ) ; or a mixture of white pine , fir , and spruce that appear as shrub-like krummholz .
Examples of some species that have declined include western toad s , greenback cutthroat trout s , white sturgeon s , white-tailed ptarmigan s , trumpeter swan s , and bighorn sheep .
Paleo-Indians hunted the now-extinct mammoth and ancient bison ( an animal 20 % larger than modern bison ) in the foothills and valleys of the mountains .
In a three-way race between Nixon , Humphrey , and independent candidate Alabama Governor George Wallace , Nixon defeated Humphrey by nearly 500,000 votes ( seven-tenths of a percentage point ) , with 301 electoral votes to 191 for Humphrey and 46 for Wallace .
Despite the failure to control inflation , controls were slowly ended , and on April 30 , 1974 , their statutory authorization lapsed .
To distinguish this form of RPG from other formats , the retronym s tabletop role-playing game or pen and paper role-playing game are sometimes used , though neither a table nor pen and paper are strictly necessary .
The Richard Petty Museum is in nearby Randleman , North Carolina .
Fragrance Rosemary oil is used for purposes of fragrant bodily perfumes or to emit an aroma into a room .
The Rocky Horror Picture Show is a 1975 British-American musical comedy horror film based on The Rocky Horror Show , a musical stage play , book , music and lyrics by Richard O'Brien .
Directed by Jim Sharman from a screenplay by Sharman and O'Brien , the production is a humorous tribute to the science fiction and horror B movie s of the late 1940s through early 1970s .
The Science Fiction Hall of Fame inducted him in 2007 .
On December 30 , twenty opposition political parties issued a statement through spokesman Chistope Ngokaka , saying Sassou 's government had purchased " weapons and military craft ... under contracts signed between the officials in Brazzaville and the government in Beijing . "
The role of Vickie , Jake 's second wife , would have interest across the board , but Pesci who suggested the actress , Cathy Moriarty , from a picture he once saw at a New Jersey disco .
According to Jake LaMotta , he felt that De Niro was one of his top 20 best middleweight boxers of all time .
This disastrous event reduced the number of the legions to 25 .
Most utilized concrete as well .
Luxury ingredients were brought by the fleet from the far reaches of empire , from the Parthia n frontier to the Straits of Gibraltar .
Urban graffiti , which include literary quotations , and low-quality inscriptions with misspellings and solecism s indicate casual literacy among non-elites .
There was no principle analogous to " separation of church and state " .
Biggest exporters are in wood products , IT , food and beverage manufacturing , pharmaceuticals , transport and metallurgy .
Reich was used by itself in the common German variant of the Holy Roman Empire , ( ) .
Reggae is a music genre first developed in Jamaica in the late 1960s .
Early 1968 was when the first genuine reggae records were released : " Nanny Goat " by Larry Marshall and " No More Heartaches " by The Beltones .
The DJ Don Letts would play reggae and punk tracks at clubs such as The Roxy .
Heinrich Rudolf Hertz and many others demonstrated radio wave propagation on a laboratory scale .
She eventually became an astrophysicist specializing in interactions between the Earth and the solar wind .
Before entering college , he was experimenting with and re-creating mathematical topics , such as the half-derivative , using his own notation .
As a junior physicist , he was not central to the project .
He routinely refused to be included in lists or books that classified people by race .
Though step order may vary depending on the subject matter and researcher , the following steps are usually part of most formal research , both basic and applied : A common misconception is that a hypothesis will be proven ( see , rather , Null hypothesis ) .
Collected English translations Single works Secondary literature External links Video General Stanford Encyclopedia of Philosophy
Jay was involved in a life-threatening car accident and survived two gunshot wounds after an incident in 1990 .
However , following the death of the last Victorid ruler , Bishop Tello , around 765 , Charlemagne assigned a Germanic duke to administrate the region .
Around the turn of the century , the inner Heinzenberg and Cazis became German-speaking , followed by Rothenbrunnen , Rodels , Almens , and Pratval , splitting the Romansh area into two geographically non-connected parts .
petliar ) ' to beg ' , derived from Swiss German bettle with the same meaning .
He has directed such films as the Mexico Trilogy , From Dusk Till Dawn , The Faculty , Sharkboy and Lavagirl , Spy Kids , Sin City , Planet Terror , and Machete .
In the historical sources Rheged is intimately associated with the king Urien Rheged and his family .
In Moldova The Constitution of Moldova names the state language of the country " Moldovan " .
In the 2004 census , out of the 3,383,332 people living in Moldova , 16.5 % ( 558,508 ) stated Romanian as their native language , whereas 60 % stated Moldovan .
A republic is a form of government in which the country is considered a " public matter " ( ) , not the private concern or property of the rulers , and where offices of state are subsequently directly or indirectly elected or appointed rather than inherited .
History Until modern times , the form of government for almost all states was monarchy .
Later that same year , her Swedish breakthrough came with the single " Do You Really Want Me ( Show Respect ) " .
The first is due in the spring , with subsequent albums released in the summer and autumn/winter .
It is co-written by Klas Åhlund , and has been described as a " pulsating full power version [ that ] takes every ounce of that emotion and wraps it up in another exceptional disco-pop record worthy of any dance-floor or passion-laden sing-a-long . "
Sub-series The RFC series contains three sub-series for IETF RFCs : Streams There are four streams of RFCs : ( 1 ) IETF , ( 2 ) IRTF , ( 3 ) IAB , and ( 4 ) independent submission .
Illustrating the problems that can arise from such subjective viewpoints is this extract from an article by Dr. C. Davis , published in Cleveland State University 's ' Journal of Law and Health ' : " According to the Union of American Hebrew Congregations , Jews for Jesus and Hebrew Christians constitute two of the most dangerous cults , and its members are appropriate candidates for deprogramming .
Its desirable features for this application include the ready availability of inexpensive diode laser light at the relevant wavelength , and the moderate temperatures required to obtain substantial vapor pressures .
In nature , radium is found in uranium ores in trace amounts as small as a seventh of a gram per ton of uraninite .
Organorhenium compounds Dirhenium decacarbonyl is the most common entry to organorhenium chemistry .
Its most stable isotope , 222Rn , has a half-life of 3.8 days .
The models were used intermittently for teaching practical mechanics by different masters until the School of Mechanics ( Mekaniska skolan ) was founded in 1798 .
Legal The UN does not define “ racism ” ; however , it does define “ racial discrimination ” : According to the United Nations Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination , the term " racial discrimination " shall mean any distinction , exclusion , restriction , or preference based on race , colour , descent , or national or ethnic origin that has the purpose or effect of nullifying or impairing the recognition , enjoyment or exercise , on an equal footing , of human rights and fundamental freedoms in the political , economic , social , cultural or any other field of public life .
Sociologists Noël A. Cazenave and Darlene Alvarez Maddern define racism as “ ... a highly organized system of ' race ' - based group privilege that operates at every level of society and is held together by a sophisticated ideology of color / ' race ' supremacy .
Her attention in the media opened serious debates about racism in China and racial prejudice .
There have been several significant riots in California prisons in which Mexican American inmates and African Americans have specifically targeted each other based on racial reasons .
As a result , Templeton has argued that it is necessary to impose a threshold on the level of difference that is required for a population to be designated a subspecies .
As such , the use of the term " race " itself must be analyzed .
3 By the early 20th century , this notion was made statutory in many states .
Current views across disciplines In Poland , the race concept was rejected by 25 percent of anthropologists in 2001 , although : " Unlike the U.S. anthropologists , Polish anthropologists tend to regard race as a term without taxonomic value , often as a substitute for population . "
This survey , however , did not specify any particular definition of race ( although it did clearly specify biological race within the species Homo sapiens ) ; it is difficult to say whether those who supported the statement thought of race in taxonomic or population terms .
He wrote that " Based upon my findings I argue that the category of race only seemingly disappeared from scientific discourse after World War II and has had a fluctuating yet continuous use during the time span from 1946 to 2003 , and has even become more pronounced from the early 1970s on " .
He scored 4 goals in total and helped lead Inter to the quarter finals , in which Inter were knocked out by the eventual winners , Manchester United .
This goal was later elected to be the 7th best goal in World Cup History in a poll hosted by FIFA .
Despite these rumours , Baggio and Del Piero remain good friends to this day , with Baggio stating in an interview that he has the utmost respect for Del Piero , his leadership at Juventus and his timeless talent , and that there had never been disagreements between them .
August 2010 marked Roberto Baggio 's comeback into Italian football , as he was appointed as president of the technical sector of the Italian Football Federation ( FIGC ) , replacing Azeglio Vicini .
On November 2010 , Baggio was awarded the World Peace Award , an annual award bestowed by Nobel Peace Prize laureates .
Disputes between Hungary and Romania regarding this territory would surface regularly , as both considered the region part of their national heritage .
Virtually all of the country 's rivers are tributaries of the Danube , either directly or indirectly , and by the time the Danube 's course ends in the Black Sea , they account for nearly 40 percent of the total discharge .
The ministry is to discharge its powers through independent , impartial public prosecutors .
Table showing selected PPP GDPs and growth - 2007 to 2009 estimations : Romania 's Gross Domestic Product at purchasing power parity ( PPP ) is predicted to stand at $ 16,982.323 per capita in 2015 , when the country is expected to join the Eurozone .
Access to sanitation remains low ; the United Nations estimates that in 2006 , 34 % of urban and 20 % of rural dwellers had access to improved sanitation .
The surrounding elevated seabed is called the Rockall Bank , lying directly south from an area known as the Rockall Plateau .
Rammstein is an industrial metal band from Berlin , Germany .
He envisioned something that would combine machines as well as the sound of hard guitars .
On Sunday July 18 , 2010 , Rammstein played in front of more than 130,000 people in Quebec City on the Plains of Abraham as the closing show for the Festival d'été de Québec .
The positions of the bodies in the tent when it was discovered eight months later suggested that Scott was the last of the three to die .
These invasive plant s can have negative impacts on the diversity of local ecosystems once established .
We have the phenomenon now known as flammable water .
2004 Nader announced on December 24 , 2003 , that he would not seek the Green Party 's nomination for president in 2004 , but did not rule out running as an independent candidate .
Personal life Nader was raised in the Eastern Orthodox Church .
Most of his books involve flight in some way , from the early stories which are straightforwardly about flying aircraft , to Stranger to the Ground , his first book , to his later works , in which he used flight as a philosophical metaphor .
In 1973 , the book was turned into a movie , Jonathan Livingston Seagull , produced by Paramount Pictures Corporation .
If the transmitter 's output is coherent ( phase synchronized ) , there is another effect that can be used to make almost instant speed measurements ( no memory is required ) , known as the Doppler effect .
When using a pulsed radar , the variation between the phase of successive returns gives the distance the target has moved between pulses , and thus its speed can be calculated .
The choice of motto is attributed to a junior officer named J S Yule , in response to a request from a commander of the RFC , Colonel Sykes , for suggestions .
The RAF inherited the motto from the RFC .
Reuters , on 3 January 2008 , reported that Crowe was " fighting a new gladiatorial combat to wean his countrymen off their addiction to gambling machines . "
The mountain systems east of Lake Baikal are lower , forming a complex of minor ranges and valleys that reaches from the lake to the Pacific coast .
The Caucasus Mountains create an imposing natural barrier between Russia and its neighbors to the southwest , Georgia and Azerbaijan .
In regions of permafrost , buildings must be constructed on pilings , machinery must be made of specially tempered steel , and transportation systems must be engineered to perform reliably in extremely low and extremely high temperatures .
( In July 1996 , the State Duma advanced these elections to late 1996 . )
Real incomes more than doubled and the average salary increased eightfold from $ 80 to $ 640 .
Continued average inflation of approximately 10 % and strict government budget led to the growth , while lower oil prices and ruble appreciation slowed it .
In early 2011 , Rostelecom signed a memorandum of understanding with the three main MNOs to develop a joint LTE network using the infrastructure to be built by Yota .
Russia is a co-sponsor of the Middle East peace process and supports UN and multilateral initiatives in the Persian Gulf , Cambodia , Burma , Angola , the former Yugoslavia , and Haiti .
The Armed Forces of the Russian Federation ( ) are the military services of Russia , established after the dissolution of the Soviet Union .
On 7 May 1992 , Boris Yeltsin signed a presidential decree establishing the Russian Ministry of Defence and placing all Soviet Armed Forces troops on the territory of the RSFSR under Russian control .
For instance , the Chicago El trains are designed with extremely short cars to negotiate the sharp curves in the Loop .
The series ' themes are not limited to films or television , having also incorporated historical events and figures .
Nazarro agreed that " the first two series are very original and very funny " , but went on to say that " it was n't until series III that the show hit its stride . "
Retaining the show 's offbeat sense of humor , the novels share some similarity with Douglas Adams ' Hitchhiker 's Guide to the Galaxy , also a science fiction comedy series .
A long , detailed eyewitness report exposing abuses , the Casement Report , was delivered in 1904 .
The Real IRA were suspected of complicity in the murder in December 2006 of drug-dealer Martin ' Marlo ' Hyland .
During this period , both rice and sugarcane production greatly increased .
The northern part of the island has a rainy season that lasts from January through late March during the northeast monsoon , and experiences meiyu in May .
Foods , cuisine , and shopping Calendar Taiwan uses two official calendars : the Gregorian calendar , and the Minguo calendar .
Only the player holding the football may be tackled .
When given the opportunity to visit his father 's Georgia grave , he remained there only briefly yet , while as president of Washington College , he defended his father in a biographical sketch while editing Light Horse Harry 's memoirs .
The Custis estate was in disarray , with vast landholdings and hundreds of slaves balanced against massive debts .
While Lee 's immediate family followed him to the Confederacy others , such as cousins and fellow officers Samuel Phillips and John Fitzgerald , remained loyal to the Union , as did 40 % of all Virginian officers .
Thus , constructing routing tables , which are held in the router 's memory , is very important for efficient routing .
Resistor marking Most axial resistors use a pattern of colored stripes to indicate resistance .
Low-grade RSIs can sometimes resolve themselves if treatments begin shortly after the onset of symptoms .
Specially designed tools such as pliers are now widely available for production line workers to minimise the risks of repetitive strain injuries .
During the 1950s , Davies played a major role in launching the Stratford Shakespearean Festival of Canada .
The superior German army — better led , better trained and better supplied — was terrifyingly effective against the ill-equipped Russian forces , driving the Russians out of Galicia , as well as Russian Poland , during the Gorlice – Tarnów Offensive campaign .
He was placed under house arrest with his family by the Provisional Government .
By most historians ' accounts , Lenin and his followers were unprepared for how their groundswell of support , especially among influential worker and soldier groups , would translate into real power in the summer of 1917 .
.80586 ) generates a very large latency and the Windows operating system is neither a real-time operating system nor does it allow a program to take over the CPU completely and use its own scheduler , without using native machine language and thus surpassing all interrupting windows code .
* [ Ruby From Other Languages ] * [ Writing C Extensions to Ruby ( MRI 1.8 ) ] * [ RubyFlow : Community Filtered Ruby News ] * [ The Ruby Reflector ] Automated Ruby News * [ Ruby Forum ] - Gateway to the ruby-talk mailing list * [ The Ruby in Stone ] Ruby IDE inside FlowStone Programming Language [ [ Category : Class-based programming languages ] ] [ [ Category : Dynamically typed programming languages ] ] [ [ Category : Scripting languages ] ] [ [ Category : Object-oriented programming languages ] ] [ [ Category : Articles with example Ruby code ] ] [ [ Category : Ruby programming language | ] ] [ [ Category : Programming languages created in 1995 ] ] [ [ Category : Text-oriented programming languages ] ]
It was sold to General Motors in 1961 where it was used to lift pieces of hot metal from die casting machines at the Inland Fisher Guide Plant in the West Trenton section of Ewing Township , New Jersey .
She later made Bennett the lawyer for her extensive interests .
The courts , including the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council , agreed and eventually struck down virtually all of Bennett 's reforms .
Bennett served as the Rector of Queen 's University in Kingston , Ontario from 1935 – 1937 , even while he was still prime minister .
History Prior to the development of coal in the mid 19th century , nearly all energy used was renewable .
Almost without a doubt the oldest known use of renewable energy , in the form of traditional biomass to fuel fires , dates from 790,000 years ago .
Ethanol can be used as a fuel for vehicles in its pure form , but it is usually used as a gasoline additive to increase octane and improve vehicle emissions .
The Cooper Basin has the potential to generate 5,000 – 10,000 MW .
At some point of history dates of months ceased to be connected with lunar phases , but it is unknown when it happened .
Other parts of the city area were covered by sea water .
The Tibetan schools hold to the notion of a bardo ( intermediate state ) that can last up to forty-nine days .
The campus is organized in a number of quadrangle s. The Academic Quad , anchored by a statue of founder William Marsh Rice , includes Ralph Adams Cram 's masterpiece , the asymmetrical Lovett Hall , the original administrative building ; Fondren Library ; Herzstein Hall , the original physics building and home to the largest amphitheater on campus ; Sewall Hall for the social sciences and arts ; Rayzor Hall for the languages ; and Anderson Hall of the Architecture department .
As a consequence of these researches , Smalley was able to persuade the administration of Rice University under then-president Malcolm Gillis to create the Rice Center for Nanoscience and Technology ( CNST ) , focusing on any aspect of molecular nanotechnology .
Their duties were often financial .
The plebeians had finally achieved political equality with the patricians .
By the age of twelve , they would be learning Latin , Greek , grammar and literature , followed by training for public speaking .
Pyrrhic War ( 280 – 275 BC ) By the beginning of the 3rd century , Rome had established itself as a major power on the Italian Peninsula , but had not yet come into conflict with the dominant military powers in the Mediterranean Basin at the time : Carthage and the Greek kingdoms .
This pattern did not break until Octavian ( later Caesar Augustus ) ended it by becoming a successful challenger to the Senate 's authority , and was made princeps ( emperor ) .
Games Both board games and video games have been inspired by Goldberg 's creations , such as the 60 's era board game Mouse Trap and video games Incredibots , Little Big Planet , Little Big Planet 2 , the 1990s-era series of The Incredible Machine games , and Crazy Machines .
File : AltamiraBison .
On flags Red is one of the most common colors used on national flags .
jpg | Giuseppe Garibaldi and his " redshirts " led the fight to unify Italy in the 1860s .
The second word , rök , has several meanings , such as " development , origin , cause , relation , fate , end . "
Here the Danish king and queen , Claudius and Gertrude , ask the two to discover the nature of Hamlet 's recent madness .
A revival in Burbank , California during the early 1980s featured Matthew Faison as Guildenstern and Lane Davies as Rosencrantz .
The boys want you out and Ringo in ' ... He said George Martin was n't too pleased with my playing [ and ] the boys thought I did n't fit in . "
Starr then made his debut as a film director with the T. Rex documentary Born to Boogie .
In 1920 he married Pattie Leckie , the daughter of federal Nationalist , and later Liberal , MP , John Leckie .
Instrumental music remained subordinated to vocal music , and much of its repertory was in varying ways derived from or dependent on vocal models .
The many castle s and prehistoric fortification s along the Rhine testify to its importance as a waterway .
Before the construction of the Delta Works , tidal influence was palpable up to Nijmegen , and even today , after the regulatory action of the Delta Works , the tide acts far inland .
This view is typified by Res Gestae Divi Augusti , a long public inscription of Augustus , in which he boasts of his exploits ; including , sending an expeditionary fleet north of the Rheinmouth , to Old Saxony and Jutland , which he claimed no Roman had ever done before .
For example , Rice 's theorem shows that each of the following sets of computable functions is undecidable : Proof by Kleene 's recursion theorem A corollary to Kleene 's recursion theorem states that for every Gödel number ing \ phi \ colon \ mathbb \ to \ mathbf ^ of the computable function s and every computable function Q ( x , y ) , there is an index e such that \ phi_e ( y ) returns Q ( e , y ) .
Records show that various members of the Latewysse ( of Goosnargh ) family were fined for recusancy .
Ritter noted that the UV rays were capable of causing chemical reactions .
Here at the Cistercian Abbey of St Bernard at Aduard near Groningen and at 's - Heerenbergh near Emmerich in the south-east he was at the centre of a group of scholars and humanists with whom he kept a lively correspondence .
Body of work Filmography Television Writer Broadway appearances See also References External links
Clinton Richard Dawkins , FRS , FRSL ( born 26 March 1941 ) is an English ethologist , evolutionary biologist and author .
He is an emeritus fellow of New College , Oxford , and was the University of Oxford 's Professor for Public Understanding of Science from 1995 until 2008 .
In 1987 , Dawkins received a Royal Society of Literature award and a Los Angeles Times Literary Prize for his book , The Blind Watchmaker .
In modern times , this timetable is often changed to accommodate any apostolate outside the monastic enclosure ( e.g. the running of a school or parish ) .
Epidemiology RA affects between 0.5 and 1 % of adults in the developed world with between 5 and 50 per 100,000 people newly developing the condition each year .
Based on two passages from Bacon 's Opus Maius and Opus Tertium , extensively analyzed by J. R. Partington , several scholars cited by Joseph Needham concluded that Bacon had most likely witnessed at least one demonstration of Chinese firecracker s , possibly obtained with the intermediation of other Franciscans , like his friend William of Rubruck , who had visited the Mongols .
He used the treasures Rome had acquired from the conquests to build great monuments for Rome .
Beginning with Stranded , Mackay and Manzanera began to co-write some material .
Later Eno remarked that his comment had been taken out of context .
Fripp is left-handed , but plays guitar right-handed .
In the same way as converting railway lines from single track to double track , the new carriageway is not always constructed directly alongside the existing carriageway .
It was only a short step from lists to a master list , or a schematic route-planner in which roads and their branches were represented more or less in parallel , as in the Tabula Peutingeriana .
Dotmocracy is an established paper-based group facilitation method that invites participants to brainstorm ideas and then vote on a range of agreement for each idea in order to recognize which ideas have the most collective agreement .
The show premiered on August 11 , 1991 on Nickelodeon as part of its Nicktoons block along with Rugrats and Doug .
While there have been smaller meetings of Raëlians and non-Raëlians , annual Raëlian seminars have been typically larger .
Officials detained Raël for nine hours at Incheon International Airport before he and his wife Sophie de Niverville left for Tokyo from where they would take another plane on their way back to Canada .
According to Drori , the Raëlians involved declined this offer , as they wished to keep the symbol as is .
In other areas there is true snowfall more than once in each century , most commonly in the cities of Resende and Itatiaia ( in lower latitudes than Rio de Janeiro , but much higher altitudes ) .
The immigrants were mostly poor peasants who subsequently found prosperity in Rio as city workers and small traders .
There have been a number of government initiatives to counter this problem , from the removal of the population from favelas to housing project s such as Cidade de Deus to the more recent approach of improving conditions in the favelas , bringing them up to par with the rest of the city , as was the focus of the " Favela Bairro " program .
Giuliani did not serve in the military during the Vietnam War .
Boesky cooperated with the SEC and informed on several others , including junk bond trader Michael Milken .
Because the crime index is based on that of the FBI , which is self-reported by police departments , some have alleged that crimes were shifted into categories that the FBI does n't collect .
Architecture , fashion , and theatre With his Prada projects , Koolhaas ventured into providing architecture for the fleeting world of fashion and with celebrity-studded cachet : not unlike Garnier 's Opera , the central space of Koolhaas ' Beverly Hills Prada store is occupied by a massive central staircase , ostensibly displaying select wares , but mainly the shoppers themselves .
He was buried at the Old Bennington Cemetery in Bennington , Vermont .
The Cube can be taken apart without much difficulty , typically by rotating the top layer by 45 ° and then prying one of its edge cubes away from the other two layers .
The Cube has inspired an entire category of similar puzzles , commonly referred to as twisty puzzles , which includes the cubes of different sizes mentioned above as well as various other geometric shapes .
Mathematical formulation The basic radiosity method has its basis in the theory of thermal radiation , since radiosity relies on computing the amount of light energy transferred among surfaces .
Cobb writes , " the revolutionaries themselves , living as if in combat … were easily persuaded that only terror and repressive force saved them from the blows of their enemies . "
The number of bins is the same as the radix used - e.g. 16 bins for 16-Radix .
Specially engineered tug of war ropes exist and should be used .
Sterling expressed his views on the singularity scenario in a talk at the Long Now Foundation entitled The Singularity : Your Future as a Black Hole .
In recent years he has turned his attention back to automorphic forms , working in particular on a theme he calls ` beyond endoscopy ' .
Photography First experiments with RGB in early color photography were made in 1861 by Maxwell himself , and involved the process of three color-filtered separate takes .
In reference to the early Kingdom of Rome ( as opposed to the Roman Republic or empire ) , " the legion " means the entire Roman army .
Today the most common form of reciprocating engine is the internal combustion engine running on the combustion of petrol , diesel , Liquefied petroleum gas ( LPG ) or compressed natural gas ( CNG ) and used to power motor vehicle s. One notable reciprocating engine from the WWII Era was the 28-cylinder , Pratt & Whitney R-4360 " Wasp Major " radial engine .
When The Feminists began to select randomly who could talk to the press , Ti-Grace Atkinson quit the organization she had founded .
Revision C was issued in a document dated August 1969 .
Housed in the five-level neo-classical Hotel Altenloh , on the Place Royale , it displays some 200 original Magritte paintings , drawings and sculptures including The Return , Scheherazade and The Empire of Light .
Islam allows and promotes filial love between siblings of the same sex .
Conservative Judaism tends to regard both the Torah and the Oral law as not verbally revealed .
They believe that , though it contains many ' core-truths ' about God and humanity , it is also time bound , sexist , primitive , and , sometimes , simply wrong .
Rules of evidence govern whether , when , how , and for what purpose , proof of a legal case may be placed before a trier of fact for consideration .
In the legal systems of Canada and the United States , the trier of fact may be a judge or a jury , depending on the purpose of the trial and the choices of the parties .
Ossip Zadkine later strikingly captured the event with his statue De Verwoeste Stad ( ' The Destroyed City ' ) .
Being the largest port and one of the largest cities of the country , Rotterdam attracts many seeking jobs , especially in the cheap labour segment .
The port 's main activities are petrochemical industries and general cargo handling and transshipment .
It attracts a total of 900.000 visitors .
The start in Rotterdam was the fifth in the Netherlands .
The following four are part of its ' Ring ' ( ring road ) : The following two other motorways also serve Rotterdam : Airport Much smaller than the international hub Schiphol Airport , Rotterdam The Hague Airport ( formerly known as Zestienhoven ) is the third largest airport in the country , behind Schiphol Airport and Eindhoven Airport .
In the English version of Chrono Cross , this easter egg refers to Gil as " Magil " .
Sometimes the sport is called Quad Hockey , Hóquei em Patins ( PT ) , Rolhockey ( NL ) , Rollhockey ( DE ) , International Style Ball hockey , Rink Hockey ( FR ) , Hockey Su Pista ( IT ) , Hoquei sobre Patins ( CA ) , Hockey sobre Patines ( ES ) , Rulleskøjtehockey ( DA ) , Rullbandy ( S ) , Rulluisuhoki ( ET ) and Hardball hockey ( US ) , depending on which region of the world it is played .
The Spithead and Nore mutinies in 1797 incapacitated the Channel and North Sea fleets , leaving Britain potentially exposed to invasion , but were rapidly resolved .
Personnel are divided into a general duties branch , which includes those seamen officers eligible for command , and other branches including the Royal Naval Engineers , medical , and Logistics Officer s , the renamed Supply Officer branch .
Operation Atalanta , the European Union 's anti- piracy operation in the Indian Ocean , is permanently commanded by a senior Royal Navy or Royal Marines officer at Northwood headquarters and the navy contributes ships to the operation .
The Royal Navy was the first of the three armed forces to combine the personnel and training command , under the Principal Personnel Officer , with the operational and policy command , combining the Headquarters of the Commander-in-Chief , Fleet and Naval Home Command into a single organisation , Fleet Command , in 2005 and becoming Navy Command in 2008 .
Coward starred as the ship 's captain , with supporting roles from John Mills and Richard Attenborough .
Second stint with the New York Yankees ( 2007 ) Following what was becoming familiar annual speculation , Clemens unexpectedly appeared in the owner 's box at Yankee Stadium on May 6 , , during the seventh-inning stretch in a game against the Seattle Mariners , and made a brief statement : " Thank y' all .
Still , Clemens ' reputation precedes him .
They have four sons : Koby Aaron , Kory Allen , Kacy Austin , and Kody Alec — all given " K " names to honor Clemens 's strikeouts ( " K 's " ) .
She had spent her early years helping a variety of sick relatives , contracting tuberculosis in the process .
These stories , such as " Iron Shadows in the Moon " , were often simply Conan rescuing a damsel in distress from a monster in some ruins .
Most importantly , his home life was falling apart .
In June 1936 , as Hester Howard slipped into her final coma , her son maintained a death vigil with his father and friends of the family , getting little sleep , drinking huge amounts of coffee , and growing more despondent .
The success of Conan the Conqueror led to a series of Conan books from publisher Gnome Press , the later editor of which was L. Sprague de Camp .
Railtrack was a group of companies that owned the track , signalling , tunnel s , bridge s , level crossing s and all but a handful of the stations of the British railway system from its formation in April 1994 until 2002 .
The company was listed on the London Stock Exchange and was a constituent of the FTSE 100 Index but on 3 October 2002 , the main operating arm - the owner and operator of the national railway network , Railtrack plc - was sold by its parent company Railtrack Group plc to " not for dividend " company Network Rail ( a company limited by guarantee ) and was later renamed Network Rail Infrastructure Ltd. .
The High Court accepted that the company was not therefore insolvent , and the railway administration order was discharged on 2 October 2002 .
It 'll be the journalists who decide that – the editors . "
The United States government does not believe that the final version of the Protocol is consistent with the United States ' First Amendment Constitutional rights and has informed the Council of Europe that the United States will not become a Party to the protocol .
The confines of the Industrial Revolution also had their influence on Romanticism , which was in part an escape from modern realities ; indeed , in the second half of the 19th century , " Realism " was offered as a polarized opposite to Romanticism .
The Abbé had even observed eight days of a hunger strike from 26 May to 3 June 1984 in the Cathedral of Turin to protest the conditions suffered by " Brigadists " in Italian prisons and the imprisonment without trial of Vanni Mulinari , who was recognized as innocent some time afterwards .
Mulinari 's treatment was , according to the Abbé , a " violation of human rights " .
According to social anthropologist María Clemencia Ramírez , the relationship between the guerrillas and the marches was ambivalent : FARC-EP promoted the 1996 protests as part of their participatory democracy policies yet also exercised authoritarianism , which led to tensions and negotiations with peasant leaders , but the cocalero movement brought proposals on behalf of the coca growers and defended its own interests .
This followed the resolution of the 2010 Colombia – Venezuela diplomatic crisis which erupted over outgoing President Álvaro Uribe 's allegations of active Venezuelan support for FARC .
In early January 2011 the Colombian army said that the FARC has some 18,000 members , with 9,000 of those forming part of the militias .
II engines , themselves clones of the Le Rhône 9J rotary .
The latter move was to enable Steiner to attend the Vienna Institute of Technology , where he studied mathematics , physics , chemistry , botany , biology , literature , and philosophy on an academic scholarship from 1879 to 1883 , at the end of which time he withdrew from the university .
Pitched roofs , including gabled , hipped and skillion roofs , make up the greatest number of domestic roofs .
File : Njem house in Cameroon .
JPG | The flat roofs of the Middle East , Israel .
See also History References
Message passing The other approach to resource sharing is for tasks to send messages in an organized message passing scheme .
Protocol deadlocks can occur when two or more tasks wait for each other to send response messages .
In his February 27 , 2001 , address to a Joint Session of Congress , President George W. Bush declared , " Racial profiling is wrong , and we will end it in America .
In the scientific world , thermodynamic temperature is usually measured using the Kelvin scale .
Genetic findings in 2012 suggest they originated in northwest India and migrated as a group .
Cremation and burial are both known from the time of the Rigveda , and both are widely practiced in Hinduism today ( although the tendency for higher caste groups is to burn , while lower caste groups in South India tend to bury their dead ) .
In the period after the Medieval Inquisition , it was one of three different manifestations of the wider Christian Inquisition along with the Spanish Inquisition and Portuguese Inquisition .
A well-read man whose friends were other artists , writers , poets and jazz musicians , Bearden mined their worlds as well as his own for topics to explore .
( , 20 June 1926 – 17 October 2001 ) was an Israeli general , politician , and historian who founded the right-wing nationalist Moledet party , mainly advocating population transfer .
They were imprisoned in a jail in Jericho and guarded by American and British forces .
In the attempt to rescue his friend , Fulton got soaked with icy water and on the journey home he caught pneumonia .
After leaving college , and having been denied his childhood dream of becoming a fighter pilot ( a fascination that stuck with him for life ) , owing to a slight defect on his eardrum , he slowly acquainted himself with the UK 's bohemian scene .
There is no evidence however that this Robert Hood , although an outlaw , was also a bandit .
It is this scattered light that gives the surrounding sky its brightness and its color .
The density fluctuations give rise to energy loss due to the scattered light , with the following coefficient : where n is the refraction index , p is the photoelastic coefficient of the glass , k is the Boltzmann constant , and β is the isothermal compressibility .
In Bradbury 's works of fiction , 1920s Waukegan becomes " Green Town , " Illinois .
When Bradbury recounted that everyone wanted a novel and he did n't have one , the editor , coincidentally named Walter Bradbury , asked if the short stories might be tied together into a book length collection .
The German prisoners of war were used to do major infrastructure work in Roswell , such as paving the banks of the North Spring River .
RISC processors are also used in supercomputer s such as the K computer , the fastest on the TOP500 list in 2011 , and the second at the 2012 list .
Arithmetic operations could therefore often have results as well as operands directly in memory ( in addition to register or immediate ) .
In March 1837 , Emerson gave a series of lectures on The Philosophy of History at Boston 's Masonic Temple .
He contends that Jews who lived in the Islamic ruled lands lived in a place that was culturally and professionally accepting towards Jews .
Many Orthodox women only wear skirts and avoid wearing trousers , and some married Orthodox women cover their hair with a wig , hat , or scarf .
The governments of Zambia and Botswana were also emboldened sufficiently to allow resistance movement bases to be set up in their territories .
In 1976 , the South African government and United States government s worked together to place pressure on Smith to agree to a form of majority rule .
The storage tanks burned for five days , giving off a column of smoke that could be seen away .
With more experienced fighters , Æthelfrith attacked in loose formation .
Rædwald 's imperium On 24 February 616 , the year of the Battle of the River Idle , Æthelberht of Kent died and was succeeded by his pagan son Eadbald .
A deficiency of riboflavin can be primary - poor vitamin sources in one 's daily diet - or secondary , which may be a result of conditions that affect absorption in the intestine , the body not being able to use the vitamin , or an increase in the excretion of the vitamin from the body .
As protest grew so did his profile and importance .
H. P. Lovecraft , a frequent contributor to that magazine , became one of his favorite writers .
His Selected Stories ( reprinted in paperback with the incorrect title The Complete Stories ) appeared in three volumes just prior to his death , although many previously uncollected tales have appeared in volumes published since 1997 ( see below ) .
His numerous novels of this two decade period range from science fiction ( Sneak Preview ( 1971 ) ) through horror novels such as the Lovecraftian Strange Eons ( 1978 ) and Night of the Ripper , his two sequels to the original Psycho ( Psycho II and Psycho House ) , and late novels such as the thriller Lori ( 1989 ) and The Jekyll Legacy with Andre Norton ( 1991 ) , a sequel to Robert Louis Stevenson 's Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde .
The holes were all in a line except for the lowest hole , for the lower hand little finger .
Although there is nothing intrinsic about RP that marks it as superior to any other variety , sociolinguistic factors have given Received Pronunciation particular prestige in parts of Britain .
The left-wing British band Chumbawamba recorded a song entitled " R.I.P. RP " , which is part of their album The Boy Bands Have Won .
From 1996 to 2010 , Wright was married to actor Sean Penn , with whom she had two children .
Filmography See also References Notes External links
” After working as a session musician with Haruomi Hosono and Yukihiro Takahashi in 1977 , the trio formed the internationally successful electronic music band Yellow Magic Orchestra ( YMO ) in 1978 .
Anarchy , State and Utopia claims a heritage from John Locke 's Second Treatise on Government and seeks to ground itself upon a natural law doctrine , but reaches some importantly different conclusions from Locke himself in several ways .
In English common law , real property , real estate , realty , or immovable property is any subset of land that has been legally defined and the improvements to it made by human efforts : any buildings , machinery , wells , dams , ponds , mines , canals , roads , etc. .
Real property and personal property are the two main subunits of property in English Common Law .
However , he was also negotiating with John II of Portugal to marry his sister , Joanna , a pious young woman who had already turned down several suitors because of her preference for the religious life .
As Home Secretary from 1965 – 1967 , he sought to build what he described as " a civilized society " , with measures such as the effective abolition in Britain of capital punishment and theatre censorship , the decriminalisation of homosexuality , relaxing of divorce law , suspension of birching and the legalisation of abortion .
In January 1965 Patrick Gordon Walker resigned as Foreign Secretary and in the ensuing reshuffle Wilson offered Jenkins the Department for Education and Science ; however .
Later the Mughals , through a combination of treachery and skilled warfare , were able to get a firm grip on northern India , including Rajasthan .
Creation of the Red Army In the wake of the October Revolution , the old Russian Imperial Army had been demobilized ; the volunteer-based Red Guard was the Bolsheviks ' main military force , augmented by an armed military component of the Cheka , the Bolshevik state security apparatus .
However , after the military fiasco of the summer offensive ( June 1917 ) by the Russian Provisional Government , and in particular after the failed summer offensive of the Provisional Government had devastated the structure of the Russian Army , it became crucial that Lenin realize the promised peace .
The Bolsheviks and their Left SR allies were opposed to it but , on 25 July the majority of the Soviet voted to call in the British and the Bolsheviks resigned .
During the summer , the Bolshevik power in Siberia was totally wiped out .
In 1927 and also in Germany , a team of amateur rocket engineers had formed the Verein für Raumschiffahrt ( German Rocket Society , or VfR ) , and in 1931 launched a liquid propellant rocket ( using oxygen and gasoline ) .
Rockets intended for high speed atmospheric use also have an aerodynamic fairing such as a nose cone , which usually holds the payload .
However propellant is seldom more than a few times more expensive than gasoline per kg ( as of 2009 gasoline is about $ 1/kg or less ) , and although substantial amounts are needed , for all but the very cheapest rockets it turns out that the propellant costs are usually comparatively small , although not completely negligible .
The structure 's panes of glass are all hand-blown .
A family dispute became the final straw .
A few of these dances became sufficiently popular that they survived through the entire 19th century .
Novels Collections Rudyard Kipling 's works were sometimes collected by him , sometimes he was forced into doing so by publishers of ' unauthorised ' editions ( Abaft the Funnel , From Sea to Sea , for example ) , and sometimes his work was never collected .
Roslagen is the name of the coastal areas of Uppland province in Sweden , which also constitutes the northern part of the Stockholm archipelago .
Usually , a sheltered pilot region enables combustion to continue when the vehicle intake undergoes high yaw/pitch during turns .
An aft mixer may be used to improve combustion efficiency .
is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Rumiko Takahashi .
It was originally serialized in Shogakukan 's Weekly Shōnen Sunday from September 1987 to March 1996 , and later collected into 38 tankōbon volumes .
The Royal Australian Navy ( RAN ) is the naval branch of the Australian Defence Force .
Following the Federation of Australia in 1901 , the ships and resources of the separate colonial navies were integrated into a national force : the Commonwealth Naval Forces .
Commissioned officers Commissioned officers of the Australian Navy have pay grades ranging from S-1 to O-11 .
Chronology The Robotech chronology , according to Harmony Gold , is illustrated below : Note : Asterisked works are now considered " secondary continuity " — that is , that their events exist in the continuity of Robotech , but " do n't count " when conflicts arise with the " main continuity " that are the three-part Robotech TV series ( four , with the addition of 2006 's Robotech : The Shadow Chronicles ) .
When a key of the teleprinter keyboard is pressed , a 5-bit character is generated .
FG7XT was the first Amateur Radio station to claim to achieve this honor .
Russian officials strenuously denied claims that the sub 's Granit cruise missile s were carrying nuclear warheads , and no evidence has been provided to the contrary .
Fractionation ( This section only applies to photon RT although other types of radiation therapy may be fractionated ) .
Then , medical physicists and dosimetrists must be engaged to create a viable treatment plan .
Changes in prolactin - secretion is usually mild , and vasopressin deficiency apppears to be very rare as a consequence of radiation .
Around AD 130 the jurist Salvius Iulianus drafted a standard form of the praetor 's edict , which was used by all praetors from that time onwards .
An election forced Richard to accept Conrad of Montferrat as King of Jerusalem , and he sold Cyprus to his defeated protégé , Guy .
Actions can be included to be taken during the parsing process as well and the parse function can be used to process blocks or strings .
Within a few years , the Bank Club , owned by George Wingfield , Bill Graham , and Jim McKay , was the state 's largest employer and the largest casino in the world .
Winter has snowfall which is usually light to moderate but can be heavy some days , averaging annually .
This function does not have a Riemann integral .
It is not useful with files that do n't have many runs as it could greatly increase the file size .
Therefore the longest possible path consists of 2B nodes , alternating black and red .
Vocabulary . "
Between May and August 1900 , a second journey to Russia , accompanied only by Lou , again took him to Moscow and Saint Petersburg , where he met the family of Boris Pasternak and Spiridon Drozhzhin , a peasant poet .
The traumatic experience of military service , a reminder of the horrors of the military academy , almost completely silenced him as a poet .
In Boehm ’s view , curing homosexuality meant making enjoyable heterosexual functioning possible rather than eliminating homosexual behavior .
Due to guilt , this rage is transmuted into a masochistic fantasy of being beaten by the father , substituting the boy ’s own buttocks for the mother ’s breasts and idealizing the father out of hatred of the mother , thereby substituting a homosexual for a heterosexual bond .
Critics argued that it was a result of pressure from gay activists , and demanded a referendum among voting members of the Association .
It lists ego-dystonic sexual orientation as a disorder instead , which it defines as occurring where " the gender identity or sexual preference ( heterosexual , homosexual , bisexual , or prepubertal ) is not in doubt , but the individual wishes it were different because of associated psychological and behavioural disorders , and may seek treatment in order to change it . "
To become a season ticket holder one must first be a socio , or club member .
The death and resurrection of Jesus are treated as the climax of the story , the point to which everything else has been moving all the while .
The Lelands also lost the unofficial western black championship to the St. Paul Colored Gophers .
Wace says Arthur created the Round Table to prevent quarrels among his barons , none of whom would accept a lower place than the others .
Larson had ambitious expectations for Rent ; his ultimate dream was to write a rock opera " to bring musical theater to the MTV generation . "
Like Angel , Hollywood is a flamboyantly homosexual man who performs a song and dance number and sometimes wears women 's clothing ; however , the line was originally in the film Car Wash ( 1976 ) , delivered by Antonio Fargas as a flamboyant homosexual cross dresser .
His Beastly co-star Vanessa Hudgens played Mimi .
Evolutionary history The red panda is considered a living fossil and only distantly related to the giant panda ( Ailuropoda melanoleuca ) .
He enjoyed the travels more for the material they gave for his writing than for any engineering interest .
Although Stevenson returned to Britain shortly after this first meeting , Fanny apparently remained in his thoughts , and he wrote an essay , " On falling in love , " for the Cornhill Magazine .
Stevenson 's heirs sold Stevenson 's papers during World War I ; many Stevenson documents were auctioned off in 1918 .
Parks said , " The driver wanted us to stand up , the four of us .
On Sunday , December 4 , 1955 , plans for the Montgomery Bus Boycott were announced at black churches in the area , and a front-page article in The Montgomery Advertiser helped spread the word .
When Parks died , her fame was such that ESPN noted her death on the " Bottom Line , " its on-screen ticker , on all of its networks .
Species and description The best-known rat species are the black rat ( Rattus rattus ) and the brown rat ( Rattus norvegicus ) .
To my Muslim friend , [ Islam ] is the only truth , the only religion .
When in Love , body , mind , heart and soul do n't even exist .
Of commonly known methods of birth control , only the cervical cap and contraceptive sponge have comparably high failure rates .
Reference counting is also among the simplest forms of garbage collection to implement .
When the total weight becomes zero , all references have been destroyed .
Microsoft has abandoned reference counting in favor of tracing garbage collection for the . NET Framework .
The connection between race and intelligence has been a subject of debate in both popular science and academic research since the inception of IQ testing in the early 20th century .
There is no widely accepted formal definition of either race or intelligence in academia , nor is there agreement on IQ 's validity as a gauge of intelligence .
Ethics of research The 1996 report of the APA had comments on the ethics of research on race and intelligence .
This score increase is known as the " Flynn effect , " named for James R. Flynn , who did much to document it and promote awareness of its implications .
This study has been criticized as the study 's control sample of Herskovitz ( 1930 ) was not considered representative .
Especially in developing nations , society has been urged to take on the prevention of cognitive impairment in children as of the highest priority .
Taxes still must be paid on the distributions .
That year the Soviet Union announced its intention to detonate a thermonuclear device on Novaya Zemlya , the so-called Tsar Bomba .
The three aircraft were 55-3121 , 59-1465 , 59-1514 , with KC-135A 58-0126 converted in 1969 to replace 59-1465 which had crashed at Offutt AFB , Nebraska in 1967 .
RC-135A Four RC-135A ( 63-8058 ,63 -8059 , 63-8060 , & 63-8061 ) were photo mapping platform utilized briefly by the Air Photographic & Charting Service , based at Turner AFB , Georgia and later at Forbes AFB , Kansas as part of the 1370th Photographic Mapping Wing .
In phonetics , rhotic consonants , also called tremulants or " R-like " sounds , are liquid consonant s that are traditionally represented orthographically by symbols derived from the Greek letter rho , including ⟨ R ⟩ , ⟨ r ⟩ from the Latin script and ⟨ Р ⟩ , ⟨ p ⟩ from the Cyrillic script .
They are transcribed in the International Phonetic Alphabet by upper - or lower-case variants of Roman ⟨ R ⟩ , ⟨ r ⟩ : , , , , , , , and .
Entrepreneurs flourished as a result of Reaganomics : Lower tax rates and inflation coupled with less regulation favored improved environments for market-based funding , risk-taking , access to labor ( leading to greater employment ) , and a more level playing field between these entrepreneurs and large corporations .
Gwenwynwyn later handed him over to the king , who imprisoned him at Corfe Castle .
Fictional character biography Future adolescence Rachel Anne Summers comes from an alternate future Earth known as Earth-811 , as seen in the " Days of Future Past " storyline from The Uncanny X-Men # 141 – 142 .
The Death Commandos later tracked Rachel to the psychiatry office of Dr. Maureen Lysinski .
The Pontifical Biblical Commission The Pontifical Biblical Commission is a consultative body of scholars placed under the authority of the Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith , with duties : The International Theological Commission The International Theological Commission ( ITC ) is a dicastery of the Roman Curia consisting of 30 Catholic theologians from around the world .
Ruth Fulton Benedict ( June 5 , 1887 September 17 , 1948 ) was an American anthropologist and folklorist .
She was born in New York City , attended Vassar College and graduated in 1909 .
After the collapse of the USSR , Khasbulatov consolidated his control over the Russian parliament and became the second most powerful man in Russia after Yeltsin himself .
It has 15 side panels representing the 15 members of the team and with three handles to represent the three officials ( referee and two touch judges ) .
Battles which took place were mainly between clans , expelling intruder armies or sacking expeditions .
Guards were either semicircular or straight , but always highly ornamented with geometrical patterns .
Technological changesThis style of warfare remained dominant in the Iberian Peninsula until the late 11th century , when couched lance tactics entered from France , although the traditional horse javelin-shot techniques continued to be used .
Although any clay body can be used , white stoneware clay bodies are unsuitable for the western raku process unless some material is added to deal with thermal shock .
Web .
Nobody had heard anything like it before . "
His youngest son with Claudette ( Wesley , born 1965 ) was raised by Orbison 's parents ; Orbison and Barbara had a son ( Roy Kelton ) in 1970 and another ( Alexander ) in 1974 .
Bruce Springsteen ended his concerts with Orbison songs and Glen Campbell had a minor hit with a remake of " Dream Baby " .
His voice melted out of his mouth into the stratosphere and back .
These were seen by the scientists involved to be the extension of the present day major rivers of the area .
Buchan had a very large population because it was the agricultural capital of northern Scotland and much of its population was loyal to the Comyn family even after the defeat of the Earl of Buchan .
Some more sophisticated chord voicings also include the 9th , 11th , and 13th notes of the chord .
Kiedis recalled of the situation : " We started finding some magic and some music and some riffs and some rhythms and some jams and some grooves , and we added to it and subtracted from it and pushed it around and put melodies to it . "
In December 2009 , Frusciante made the announcement , that he had officially quit the band in 2008 .
Contactors range from those having a breaking current of several amperes to thousands of amperes and 24 V DC to many kilovolts .
The year 1492 also marked the arrival in the New World of Christopher Columbus , during a voyage funded by Isabel .
In the late 16th century and first half of the 17th century , Spain was confronted by unrelenting challenges from all sides .
In the 2nd century , the observance of a corporate day of worship on the first day ( Sunday , or Saturday night ) had become commonplace as attested in the patristic writings .
Augustine , Luther and Calvin taught that the Sabbath commandment of the Decalogue is not binding on Christians as a legal requirement .
As the Rebels attack the second Death Star , Luke confronts Vader as Palpatine watches ; both Sith Lords intend to turn Luke to the dark side and take him as their apprentice .
LucasBooks radically changed the face of the Star Wars universe with the introduction of the New Jedi Order series , which takes place some 20 years after Return of the Jedi and stars a host of new characters alongside series originals .
Some of the card series are of film stills , while others are original art .
Kubrick quit as director , explaining , " When I left Brando 's picture , it still did n't have a finished script .
He then decided to try to " treat the story as a nightmare comedy " Kubrick found that the film would be impossible to make in the U.S. for various technical and political reasons , forcing him to move production to England .
Among those , writes Herr , were his aversions to " waste , haste , . . . [ and ] bullshit in all its proliferating manifestations , subtle and gross , from the flabby political face telling lies on TV to the most private , much more devastating lies we tell ourselves . "
There are 18 consonant phonemes , two of which , and , vary considerably in pronunciation depending on the dialect and social status of the speaker .
For most purposes however , naive set theory is still useful .
That the restriction is merely methodological ( rather than ontological ) means that science should not consider supernatural explanations itself , but should not claim them to be wrong either .
He then joined the Royal Navy during which time he got two tattoos , of which his official website says " unlike many tattoos , his were not frivolous — his tattoos reflect two of his lifelong commitments : his family and Scotland .
Small decorative figurine s , most often in ceramics , are as popular today ( though strangely neglected by modern and Contemporary art ) as they were in the Rococo , or in Ancient Greece when Tanagra figurines were a major industry , or in East Asian and Pre-Columbian art .
The High Classical style continued to develop realism and sophistication in the human figure , and improved the depiction of drapery ( clothes ) , using it to add to the impact of active poses .
jpg | Bertel Thorvaldsen : '' Jason and the Golden Fleece '' ( 1803 ) File : Badger church - Jane and Henrietta Browne .
jpg | Tang Dynasty ( 618 – 907 ) pottery horse and rider File : WLA ima Tomb Guardian 3 .
The arrival of European Catholic culture readily adapted local skills to the prevailing Baroque style , producing enormously elaborate retablo s and other mostly church sculptures in a variety of hybrid styles .
Image : Dancer and Gazelles .
Moderators may choose to attach a particular descriptor to the comments as well , such as normal , offtopic , flamebait , troll , redundant , insightful , interesting , informative , funny , overrated , or underrated , with each corresponding to a -1 or +1 rating .
In logs it has the appearance of a slimy web-work of yellow threads , up to a few feet in size .
The vast majority of the human population of Scandinavia are Scandinavians , descended from several ( North ) Germanic tribes who originally inhabited the southern part of Scandinavia and what is now northern Germany , who spoke a Germanic language that evolved into Old Norse and who were known as Norsemen in the Early Middle Ages .
New industries emerged and Stockholm was transformed into an important trade and service centre as well as a key gateway point within Sweden .
It also incorporates many historical institutions , such as the Observatory , the Swedish Museum of Natural History , and the botanical garden Bergianska trädgården .
Stockholm also hosted all but one of the Nordic Games , a winter multi-sport event that predated the Winter Olympics .
In 1862 Gray stated that he " began to collect postage stamps shortly after the system was established and before it had become a rage " .
His father , Jacob Freud ( 1815 – 1896 ) , was a wool merchant , 40 years old when Freud was born , who had been married twice before and already had two children .
Abraham and Eitingon founded the Berlin Psychoanalytic Society in 1910 and then the Berlin Psychoanalytic Institute and the Poliklinik in 1920 .
By the end of the month , arrangements for Freud 's own departure for London had become stalled , mired in a legally tortuous and financially extortionate process of negotiation with the Nazi authorities .
It has been suggested that much of Freud 's early psychoanalytical theory was a by-product of his cocaine use .
Since the aetiology of the neuroses is given by way of the conflict between infantile sexuality and the opposition of the ego ( repression ) masturbation , which is only an executive of infantile sexuality , can not a priori be presented as harmless " .
In addition to that trend , however , there was also a principle at work that was opposed to , and thus " beyond " the pleasure principle .
Females made up approximately 50.2 % of the population .
As in all other states except Maine and neighboring Nebraska , South Dakota 's electoral votes are granted in a winner-take-all system .
The newspaper , now published in New York and known as Indian Country Today , is currently available in every state in the country .
According to the German philosopher Wilhelm Geiger , the chronicles are based on Sinhala Atthakatha ( commentary ) , that dates few more centuries back .
Kannangara led the establishment of the Madhya Maha Vidyalayas ( Central Schools ) in different parts of the country in order to provide education to Sri Lanka 's rural children .
The tidal effect of the planets is even weaker , and does not significantly affect the shape of the Sun .
The proton – proton chain occurs around times each second in the core .
The solar constant is equal to approximately ( watt s per square meter ) at a distance of one astronomical unit ( AU ) from the Sun ( that is , on or near Earth ) .
The origins of this was parodied in a famous scene from the movie Forrest Gump when Forrest is on his multiple jogs across America , and wipes his face on a T shirt given him by a struggling salesman , and on the shirt , as if transferred there by Forrest 's face , is the image of the happy face , whereupon the man gets his idea .
Conrady 's terminology was widely used , but there was uncertainty regarding his exclusion of Vietnamese .
During the Proto-Balto-Slavic period a number of exclusive isogloss es in phonology , morphology , lexis , and syntax developed , which makes Slavic and Baltic the closest related of all the Indo-European branches .
A set of characters representing various metric units was created in Japan in the late 19th century .
The situation in Ireland , apart from road signs which were metricated in the early 2000s , is similar to that in the United Kingdom .
Eventually , the natives and the Spaniards interbred , forming a mestizo class .
Many native artworks were considered pagan idols and destroyed by Spanish explorers ; this included many gold and silver sculptures and other artifacts found in South America , which were melted down before their transport to Spain or Portugal .
At one point , the Argentine government was spending a fifth of its entire yearly budget for just two dreadnoughts , a price that did not include later in-service costs , which for the Brazilian dreadnoughts was sixty percent of the initial purchase .
For the first time since the 1920s , it refused to rubber stamp proposals from the party and Council of Ministers .
In the aftermath of the Great Patriotic War , the country 's educational system expanded dramatically .
Family members may have a profound educational effect — often more profound than they realize — though family teaching may function very informally .
Woodrow Wilson 's The Study of Administration is frequently cited as the seminal work .
indicates a balance between natural and social sciences , B. Sc .
The television series Star Trek : The Next Generation ( 1987 ) began a torrent of new SF shows , including three further Star Trek spin-off shows and Babylon 5 .
Modern fanzines are printed on computer printer s or at local copy shops , or they may only be sent as email .
John Dryden wrote an influential essay entitled " A Discourse Concerning the Original and Progress of Satire " that helped fix the definition of satire in the literary world .
His experience with these two instruments allowed him to develop the skills and technologies needed to make the first saxophones .
Among some saxophonists , Kirk 's terms have taken on a life of their own in that it is believed that these were " special " or " new " saxophones that might still be available .
They are part of his first Symphoniae Sacrae collection dating from 1629 and commentators have noted that the style reflects his studies in Venice with Giovanni Gabrieli 1609-1612 .
All the modern members of the family are transposing instruments written in the treble clef with the root note produced by the second partial with no valves actuated being written as middle C , though baritone horn often plays bass clef parts , especially those written for the trombone .
Genetic traits are contained within the deoxyribonucleic acid ( DNA ) of chromosome s – by combining one of each type of chromosomes from each parent , an organism is formed containing a doubled set of chromosomes .
The male gamete , a spermatozoon ( produced within a testicle ) , is a small cell containing a single long flagellum which propels it .
Parallax measurements demonstrated the vast separation of the stars in the heavens .
The game has been praised for pioneering the use of unique factions in real-time strategy gameplay and for a compelling story .
In technical terms , this results in contraction or negative shift in an economy 's aggregate supply curve .
In mathematical logic , a logical system has the soundness property if and only if its inference rules prove only formulas that are valid with respect to its semantics .
In most cases , this comes down to its rules having the property of preserving truth , but this is not the case in general .
On November 4 , 2011 , State Street was named among the world 's 29 systemic critical banks by the G20 .
Suriname has a population of approximately 560,000 , most of whom live on the country 's north coast , where the capital Paramaribo is located .
We do not know what happened with both Mojmír II and Svatopluk II because they are not mentioned in written sources after 906 .
Biodiversity Slovakia signed the Rio Convention on Biological Diversity on 19 May 1993 , and became a party to the convention on 25 August 1994 .
ESET is an IT security company from Bratislava with more than 500 employees worldwide at present .
See also Lists : Footnotes Further reading External links
The observed difference for Mercury 's precession between Newtonian theory and observation was one of the things that occurred to Einstein as a possible early test of his theory of General Relativity .
They were guided by the bond lengths which had been deduced by Linus Pauling and by Rosalind Franklin 's X-ray diffraction images .
DNA Example Confirmation Science is a social enterprise , and scientific work tends to be accepted by the scientific community when it has been confirmed .
Characteristics Shotguns come in a wide variety of forms , from very small up to massive punt gun s , and in nearly every type of firearm operating mechanism .
Tube-fed models designed for hunting often come with a dowel rod or other stop that is inserted into the magazine and reduces the capacity of the gun to three shells ( two in the magazine and one chambered ) as is mandated by U.S. federal law when hunting migratory birds .
Sabots are a common type of slug round .
For a shotgun to be held on an SGC , it must be a smooth-bore gun ( not an air-gun ) which : ( a ) has a barrel not less than in length and does not have any barrel with a bore more than in diameter ; ( b ) either has no magazine or has a non-detachable magazine not capable of holding more than two cartridges ; ( c ) is not a revolver gun .
In the late 1850s and early 1860s , scientific expeditions led by John Palliser and Henry Youle Hind explored the prairie region of the province .
These displayed values were obtained by adding the corporate income tax for each year with the corporate capital tax .
The Canadian is a transcontinental service linking Toronto with Vancouver .
Socialists generally argue that capitalism concentrates power and wealth within a small segment of society that controls the means of production and derives its wealth through a system of exploitation .
Management and control over the activities of enterprises are based on self-management and self-governance , with equal power-relations in the workplace to maximise occupational autonomy .
The combined river flows southeast across northeast Texas and is joined by a fourth branch , Lake Fork Creek , downstream from the reservoir .
He or she accompanies the rituals and interprets the behavior of the shaman .
Academic study Cognitive , semiotic , hermeneutic approaches As mentioned , a ( debated ) approach explains the etymology of word " shaman " as meaning " one who knows " .
Shifts in Europe 's national borders at that time brought into conflict laws that were sexually liberal and laws that criminalized behaviors such as homosexual activity .
Under the 1977 Soviet Constitution of the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics ( USSR ) , the Chairman of the Council of Ministers was the head of government and the Chairman of the Presidium of the Supreme Soviet was the head of state .
The office of the Chairman of the Council of Ministers was the equivalent to a First World Prime Minister , while the office of the Chairman of the Presidium was equivalent to the office of the President .
Seafood is any form of sea life regarded as food by humans .
Seafood prominently includes fish and shellfish .
Specifically , those tables used for most of the 20th century were Newcomb 's Tables of the Sun ( used from 1900 through 1983 ) and Brown 's Tables of the Moon ( used from 1923 through 1983 ) .
At the time of sintering , the semiconducting tetragonal YBa2Cu3O6 compound is formed , which , on slow cooling in oxygen atmosphere , turns into superconducting YBa2Cu3O7 − x. The uptake and loss of oxygen are reversible in YBa2Cu3O7 − x. A fully oxidized orthorhombic YBa2Cu3O7 − x sample can be transformed into tetragonal YBa2Cu3O6 by heating in a vacuum at temperature above 700 ° C. The preparation of Bi - , Tl - and Hg-based high-Tc superconductors is difficult compared to YBCO .
More recently , superconductors have been used to make digital circuit s based on rapid single flux quantum technology and RF and microwave filter s for mobile phone base stations .
Christian Assyrians are in fact the majority of people from Iraq in Sweden .
The leaves are 5 – 9 cm long and 1.5 – 3 cm broad , with a serrated margin .
In addition to these two regions , various other small-body populations including comet s , centaurs and interplanetary dust freely travel between regions .
The outer Solar System is beyond the asteroids , including the four gas giants .
Berlusconi has been involved in a number of controversies and over 20 court cases during his political career , including a conviction for tax evasion in October 2012 , though he was not jailed .
The profits from this venture provided the seed money for his advertising agency .
Firstly , he undertook to simplify the complex tax system by introducing just two tax rates ( 33 % for those earning over 100,000 euros , and 23 % for anyone earning less than that figure : anyone earning less than 11,000 euros a year would not be taxed ) .
On 5,820 voting delegates , 5,811 voted in favour , 4 against and 5 abstained .
The P2 lodge was dissolved by the Italian Parliament in December 1981 and a law was passed declaring similar organisations illegal , but no specific crimes were alleged against individual members of the P2 lodge .
On 25 February 2010 , the Court of Cassation gave a verdict of not guilty because the statute of limitations expired .
In some variants , the picker is allowed to play alone .
Players are not allowed to look at the face-down cards .
Whoever gets the bid then reveals what he is playing : Scoring : Players play to 24 on the given system : Five-handed 1 ) Six cards are dealt to each player , with two to the blind .
This example was later criticized by Lenneberg as not actually demonstrating causality between the use of the word empty and the action of smoking , but instead being an example of circular reasoning .
Generally speaking , in the case of private , civil matters , the limitations period may be shortened or lengthened by agreement of the parties .
When a time limit is interrupted , it is restarted ( like hitting " Reset " on a stopwatch ) .
Shortly after World War II , there were numerous varieties of the term in use throughout Philadelphia .
For example : Sometimes certain roots differ in meaning from one Semitic language to another .
On December 7 , 2005 , the Orioles decided not to offer him an arbitration contract , effectively ending his Baltimore Orioles tenure and making him a free agent .
Sagittarius is a constellation of the zodiac , the one containing the galactic center .
This was his first film not to be released by DreamWorks since 1997 .
The following July , Kip Thorne said there was a push by people for him to portray himself in the film Interstellar .
But , instead , he 's become a melodramatist . "
Public figures as actors Several well-known public figure s have appeared in Lee 's feature films portraying characters other than themselves .
He fronted Club Homeboy , an international BMX club , with Mark " Lew " Lewman and Andy Jenkins , both co-editors of Freestylin ' Magazine in the mid - to late 1980s , where Jonze worked as a photographer .
Filmography Director Feature films Short films Music videos Video Skateboard videos Other filmography Television References Further reading External links
The first channel is a mix of entertainment programming from BBC Entertainment , the Universal Channel , and the Disney Channel , the second carries a mix of factual programming from BBC World News , National Geographic Channel , Discovery Channel , while the third carries SuperSport .
At the beginning of the academic year 2009/2010 there were 230 primary school students and 286 secondary school students enrolled The Education and Employment Directorate also offers tailor-made programmes for special needs students and lifelong learning opportunities developed by the Adult and Vocational Education Service .
Because of the participation of abolitionist editors , influential historians , such as Ulrich B. Phillips in 1929 , suggested that , as a class , " their authenticity was doubtful . "
The works are classified as novel s. Examples include : See also References External links
Despite these criticisms , Joshi argues that since Gerald 's Game ( 1993 ) , King has been tempering the worst of his writing faults , producing books that are leaner , more believable and generally better written .
It is a Shia school named after Zayd ibn Ali .
Special relativity ( SR , also known as the special theory of relativity or STR ) is the physical theory of measurement in an inertial frame of reference proposed in 1905 by Albert Einstein in the paper " On the Electrodynamics of Moving Bodies " .
Galileo Galilei had already postulated that all uniform motion is relative , and that there is no absolute and well-defined state of rest ( no privileged reference frames ) , a principle now called Galileo 's principle of relativity .
The first Secretary General of the United Nations , Trygve Lie , was a Norwegian citizen .
See also File : Luftbild Skandinavien .
This dredging enabled the arrival of the largest container ship ever to enter the San Francisco Bay , the MSC Fabiola .
The ship arrived drawing less than its full draft of because it held only three-quarters of a load after its stop in Long Beach .
A number of noteworthy parks and nature preserves are found on the San Francisco Peninsula , including : Notable structures There are a number of well known structures and complexes on the San Francisco Peninsula : See also References
As a result of Shockley 's abusive management style , eight engineers left the company to form Fairchild Semiconductor ; Shockley referred to them as the " traitorous eight " .
It also began spending much more , hiring workers and building itself out .
The new version included a large number of enhancements to the operating system , as well as very novel features , previously unseen in the industry .
Sun 's staff were asked to share anecdotes about their experiences at Sun .
Originally sent to Fatimid Egypt with his uncle Shirkuh by their Zengid ( Muslim Dynasty of Oghuz Turks ) lord and teacher Nur ad-Din in 1163 , Saladin climbed the ranks of the Fatimid government as a result of his military successes against Crusader assaults on its territory and his personal closeness to the caliph al-Adid .
The latter was rumored to be clandestinely hostile towards Saladin 's appointment and was quoted as saying , " how dare he [ Saladin ] do anything without my orders ? "
Ar-Raqqah was an important crossing point and held by Qutb al-Din Inal , who had lost Manbij to Saladin in 1176 .
Saladin in turn stated that there was not a more honorable Christian lord than Richard .
Sophocles ( ; , Sophoklēs , ; 497/6 BC – winter 406/5 BC ) is one of three ancient Greek tragedians whose plays have survived .
His first plays were written later than those of Aeschylus , and earlier than or contemporary with those of Euripides .
Highly saline water , from which salts crystallize ( or are about to ) , is referred to as brine .
The Saxifragales are an order of flowering plant s. Their closest relatives are a large eudicot group known as the rosids by the definition of rosids given in the APG II classification system .
Some authors define the rosids more widely , including Saxifragales as their most basal group .
This type of schema is actually a stereotype , a generalized set of beliefs about a particular group of people ( when incorrect , an ultimate attribution error ) .
18th century With trade tariffs with England now abolished , trade blossomed , especially with Colonial America .
They lie south of a second fault line ( the Southern Uplands fault ) that runs from Girvan to Dunbar .
In addition to the pipe itself and matches or a lighter , smokers usually require a pipe tool for packing , adjusting , and emptying the tobacco in the bowl , and a regular supply of pipe cleaner s. Pipe tobacco Pipe tobacco can be purchased in several forms , which vary both in flavour ( leading to many blends and opportunities for smokers to blend their own tobaccos ) and in the physical shape and size to which the tobacco has been reduced .
jpg | '' Chart of Colors '' , drawn to illustrate his palette of colors File : John Adams-SFBMorse .
At the Speedwell Ironworks in Morristown , New Jersey on January 11 , 1838 , Morse and Vail made the first public demonstration of the electric telegraph .
Rudders are rotated to generate a lateral force which turns the boat .
The Doctors and General Hospital , in the beginning , told stories almost exclusively from inside the confines of a hospital .
( A new version of Crossroads was later produced , running from 2001 until 2003 . )
The Reg Grundy Organisation found great success with new serials in the 1980s with women 's - prison drama Prisoner ( 1979 – 1986 ) on Network Ten , and melodramatic family saga Sons and Daughters ( 1982 – 1987 ) on the Seven Network .
Italy The most successful soap operas in Italy are the evening Un posto al sole ( A place under the sun ) , which airs on the channel Rai 3 since 1996 and the daytime Centovetrine ( Hundred shop windows ) , which began its airing in 2001 on Canale 5 .
Ros na Run " translates as Headland of the Secrets or Headland of the Sweethearts .
In large projects , people may specialize in only one role .
SEI Members include small business owners , software and systems programmers , CEOs , directors , and managers from both Fortune 500 companies and prominent government organizations in 36 different countries .
South Korea has sought the assistance of foreign countries such as Russia through MTCR commitments to supplement its restricted domestic rocket technology .
Subways South Korea 's six largest cities — Seoul , Busan , Daegu , Gwangju , Daejeon and Incheon — all have subway systems .
Unlike the United States , the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff has operational control over all military personnel of the armed forces .
The U.S. Eighth Army , Seventh Air Force , and U.S. Naval Forces Korea are stationed in South Korea .
This version is also played in some areas of Germany ; it often adds " the bull " ( which drinks the well empty , eats the paper , but gets stabbed by the scissors , and is crushed by the rock ) .
Sardinian ( , ) or Sard is a Romance language spoken and written on most of the island of Sardinia ( Italy ) .
It is considered the most conservative of the Romance languages in terms of phonology and is noted for its Paleosardinian substratum .
Both orthographical variants , with and without the hyphen , are correct , but the hyphenated one has , in addition , a second meaning , not related to animation or cinema : " a device for automatically stopping a machine or engine when something has gone wrong " ( The New Shorter Oxford English Dictionary , 1993 edition ) .
Ideology In contrast to the Imperial military tradition , the nature of the SS was based on an ideology where commitment , effectiveness , and political reliability — not class or education — would determine how far they succeeded in the organization .
After the failed 1923 Putsch by the Nazi Party , the SA and the Stabswache were abolished , yet they returned in 1925 .
Auxiliary SS members had the distinct disadvantage of being the " last ones in the camp " as the major concentration camps were liberated by allied forces .
By 1944 , there existed three divisions of the SS-TV , those being the staffs of the concentration camps proper in Germany and Austria , the labor camp system in occupied territories , and the guards and staffs of the extermination camps in Poland that were involved in the Holocaust .
The Haya people of East Africa invented a type of furnace they used to make carbon steel at nearly 2,000 years ago .
ArcelorMittal is however the world 's largest steel producer .
The chromium forms a passivation layer of chromium ( III ) oxide ( Cr2O3 ) when exposed to oxygen .
Opponents of the ( soft drink ) vending machines believe that soft drinks are a significant contributor to childhood obesity and tooth decay , and that allowing soft drink sales in schools encourages children to believe they are safe to consume in moderate to large quantities .
Sub-Saharan oil is viscous and has very low sulfur content .
He was then twenty-three years old ; he had something quite irregular in his entire form and had a strange coiffure .
Early Kierkegaardian scholars , such as Theodor W. Adorno and Thomas Henry Croxall argue that the entire authorship should be treated as Kierkegaard 's own personal and religious views .
Coming of Age " dealt with Wesley Crusher 's efforts to get into Starfleet Academy while also hinting at the threat to Starfleet later faced in " Conspiracy " . "
Nimoy also had previous television and film experience but was also not well known .
The third season was released on Blu-ray in the U.S. on December 15 .
The main characters are parodies of Star Trek characters , and many of the plot elements refer to or parody popular 1960s TV-series customs .
Short clips from the shows are also viewable at their web site .
In Piller 's words , " people who come from different places — honorable , noble people — will naturally have conflicts " .
Combs made his Star Trek and DS9 debut as a one-episode alien named Tiron , before being cast as the Ferengi Brunt and the Vorta Weyoun .
Since Sci Fi does not own HD airing rights to the series , it was shown in a 4:3 letterbox 16:9 format on both the SD & HD feeds .
The Doctor 's standard greeting was " Please state the nature of the medical emergency " when activated , though later modified to say whatever he chose .
This limitation was also mentioned in " The Swarm . "
Paramount Pictures executives approached The Next Generation producer Rick Berman in late 1992 about creating a feature film , four months before the official announcement .
Obsidian Order The Obsidian Order is a Cardassian intelligence organization in the Star Trek universe .
In 2373 , Torres was the target of telepathically - inspired dreams from a member of a race called the Enarans .
Torres and Tom Paris later become trapped on a planet together during an away mission , and Torres attempted to get Paris to mate with her , but he resisted .
Filmation later went on to produce the hit He-Man and the Masters of the Universe ( 1983 – 85 ) , which occasionally used modified character and set designs from Star Trek : The Animated Series , mostly as background material .
On Janeway 's orders , he trained as a field medic and assisted The Doctor until the Doctor recruited Kes as his primary assistant .
Traditional optical effects techniques were supplemented with computer-generated imagery .
It was a box office success , earning US$ 97 million worldwide and setting a world record for first-day box office gross .
Bennett realized he faced a serious challenge in developing the new Star Trek movie , partly due to him never having seen the television show .
The film 's pacing was praised by reviewers in The New York Times and The Washington Post as being much swifter than its predecessor and closer to that of the television series .
Star Trek : Voyager is a science fiction television series set in the Star Trek universe .
The show is set on the other side of the Milky Way galaxy , 75,000 light-year s from Earth , during the 2370s .
The Doctor also becomes more human-like , thanks in part to a mobile holo-emitter the crew obtains in the third season , which allows the Doctor to leave the confines of sickbay and roam the ship freely .
In mid 2364 , Captain Picard invited Crusher on a holodeck adventure set in the fictional world of Dixon Hill .
In Star Trek V : The Final Frontier , McCoy ( through the intervention of Spock 's brother Sybok ) reveals that he helped his father commit suicide to relieve him of his pain .
References External links
These incursions led to a Romulan-Klingon war around the 2350s .
Jefferies , who was a pilot , based NCC on 20th century aircraft registration codes .
The Enterprise-J operates in an alternate timeline during the 26th century .
In some regions ( e.g. various regions within North America ) where low available selenium levels in soil lead to low concentrations in dry matter of plants , Se deficiency in some animal species may occur unless dietary ( or injected ) selenium supplementation is done .
Production According to the British Geological Survey , China was the top producer of strontium in 2007 , with over two-thirds world share , followed by Spain , Mexico , Turkey , Argentina , and Iran .
For example , the chemical composition and the resultant 87Sr/86Sr in immobile waters at a plagioclase-hornblende grain boundary versus a quartz-mica boundary will be different .
Applications One of the most important applications of samarium is in samarium-cobalt magnet s , which have a nominal composition of SmCo5 or Sm2Co17 .
However , a few plants and vegetables may contain up to 1 part per million of samarium .
Moreover , the vowels ö and ü do not exist in the dialect .
Both were for several centuries ruled by the kings of Denmark .
In 1937 the Nazis passed the so-called Greater Hamburg Act ( Groß-Hamburg-Gesetz ) , where the nearby Free and Hanseatic City of Hamburg was expanded , to encompass towns that had formally belonged to the Prussian province of Schleswig-Holstein .
Like IPA , SAMPA is usually enclosed in square brackets or slashes , which are not part of the alphabet proper and merely signify that it is phonetic as opposed to regular text .
She also joined the ' pep club ' , the National Honor Society , the National FFA Organization , and Paperdoll Queen .
As she later stated in People , she found an old poetry book in a used book store in the L.A. area and used a poem as lyrics in the song .
Armstrong has stated in numerous interviews that Crow 's music cured his cancer .
The treatment for her breast cancer was successful .
Secretary for the Swedish section was Artur Hazelius , who in 1871 published the proceedings of the conference .
The London-based society is one of many worldwide who arrange visits to the scenes of the Sherlock Holmes adventures , such as the Reichenbach Falls in the Swiss Alps .
The copyright in all of Conan Doyle 's works expired in the United Kingdom in 1980 and are public domain there .
The party has taken part in numerous Maharashtra state governments at several times and was a coalition partner in the National Democratic Alliance cabinet that ruled India between 1998 – 2004 .
Many speculated that the 1988 season would be his last year with the team .
In the 2002 NFL Playoffs they and hosted the New York Giants in the 2002 NFC Wild Card , The Giants had a 38 – 14 lead late into the third quarter ; however , the Giants defense , which had been highly ranked all year , began to collapse , and by the final minute in the 4th quarter Jeff Garcia had led the team back from the 24-point deficit .
A quarterback controversy began .
All three stations are owned by Cumulus Media .
Lon Simmons and Gordy Soltau did the broadcasts on KSFO in the 1949s and 1960s .
Alworth once again led the team in receptions with 64 and 1,003 yards with four touchdowns .
They would go on to win the AFC West , ( their 4th straight division title , only Oakland with five straight 1972 – 1976 is better ) , along the way blowing out the Denver Broncos with a convincing 32 – 3 victory at Denver and defeating every NFC East team .
Other animals , such as dog s and horse s , may also wear special shoes to protect their feet as well .
Most of these revivalist skinheads reacted to the commercialism of punk by adopting a look that was in line with the original 1969 skinhead style .
The 2 Tone genre was named after 2 Tone Records , a Coventry , England record label that featured bands such as The Specials , Madness and The Selecter .
The 1987 census showed that the island population stood at 5,644 .
In October 2008 , the St Helena Government announced that island ’s media must choose whether they obtained revenue from government subsidies or from advertising .
The judiciary is independent of the executive and the legislature .
So much damage was done to it that the city was completely abandoned .
A bus may be flagged down anywhere along its route ( not only at bus stop shelters ) , and the bus will also stop anywhere along its route ( on request ) to let off a passenger .
Saint Lucia has one university ; University of the West Indies Open Campus , and a few medical schools – International American University − College of Medicine , Destiny University School of Medicine and Health Sciences , and the oldest of which is Spartan Health Sciences University .
The parliament may be dissolved by the governor general at any point during its 5-year term , either at the request of the prime minister — in order to take the nation into early elections — or at the governor general 's own discretion , if the house passes a vote of no-confidence in the government .
Smuggling had always been an important economic activity in the islands , but it became especially prominent in the 1920s with the institution of prohibition in the United States .
Politics Saint Vincent and the Grenadines is a parliamentary democracy and constitutional monarchy with Queen Elizabeth II as head of state , bearing the title Queen of Saint Vincent and the Grenadines .
On September 11 , 1898 , six hours of a terrible hurricane devastated Barrouallie , which was almost completely destroyed .
American football is occasionally played in Samoa , reflecting its wide popularity in American Samoa , where the sport is played under high school sanction .
He held this title jointly with Tupua Tamasese Lealofi until his death in 1963 .
The independent country of Samoa consists of the two large islands of Upolu and Savai'i and 8 smaller islands located about halfway between Hawaii and New Zealand in the Polynesia n region of the South Pacific .
The island of Upolu is home to nearly three-quarters of Samoa 's population and its capital city of Apia .
Political parties and elections The Samoa Democratic United Party ( formed after the 2001 elections ) bringing together the Samoa National Development Party and the Samoa Independent Party ) is led by the long serving Member of Parliament , Hon. Le Mamea Ropati Mualia .
Because of the difficulties in accessing the capital , City of San Marino , with its mountain-top location , the terminus station was planned to be located in the village of Valdragone , but was extended to reach the capital through a steep and winding track comprising many tunnels .
On October 17 , 1739 , Cardinal Giulio Alberoni , legate ( papal governor ) of Ravenna who in 1739 , aiding certain rebels , possibly contrary to the orders of Pope Clement XII , used military force to occupy the country , imposed a new constitution , and endeavored to force the Sanmarinesi to submit to the government of the Papal States .
One of the earliest abolitionist countries San Marino carried out the last execution in its history in 1468 ( by hanging ) .
Other stations have either been converted to private homes or demolished .
Advertising expenditures have reached new peaks due to emphasis on value-added manufacturing .
His oldest son , Khalid bin Sultan , was appointed Assistant Minister of Defence for Military Affairs in 2001 .
Of these 50 % has been established over the past 5 years .
Traffic of " ebony " is also an issue for warriors who traditionally reduces the vanquished to slavery , some people specialized in the slave trade – in the case of Dyula in West Africa – states and kingdoms also competed , as well as private traders who became much richer in the triangular trade , although some shipments sometimes resulted in real financial disaster .
Abdou Diouf was president between 1981 and 2000 .
Vegetation : Senegal has a number of vegetation zones : sahel , Sahel-Soudan , Sudan _ ( region ) , Soudan-Guinea , tropical rainforest , and Guinean mangroves .
Predominantly rural and with limited natural resources , the Economy of Senegal gains most of its foreign exchange from fish , phosphate s , groundnut s , tourism , and services .
Its agricultural sector is highly vulnerable to variations in rainfall and changes in world commodity prices .
The navy was created in 1961 .
The Indian Ocean Tracking Station on Mahé , was closed in August 1996 after the Seychelles government attempted to raise the rent to more than $ 10,000,000 per year .
Serbia and Montenegro was a country in the Balkans , created from the two remaining republics of Yugoslavia .
The republics of Serbia and Montenegro together established a federation in 1992 as the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia ( FRY ) .
Kosovo War With Milošević 's second and last legal term as Serbian President expiring in 1997 , he ran for , and was elected President of Yugoslavia in 1997 .
The Ministry of Finance is responsible for economic decisions and budgetary policy .
Atlas was formed by the three main computer companies in Seychelles : Space 95 , VCS and MBM .
The Mende likewise predominate in the South - Eastern Sierra Leone ( with the exception of Kono District ) .
Most of the Chiefs whose territories the " Protectorate " subsumed did not enter into it voluntarily .
Stevens is generally criticised for dictatorial methods and government corruption , but reduced ethnic polarisation in government by incorporating members of various ethnic groups into his all-dominating APC governmentThe first elections under the new one-party constitution took place on 1 May 1982 .
Elections in about two-thirds of the constituencies were contested .
By-elections took place on 4 June 1982 .
The economy of Sierra Leone is that of a least developed country with a GDP of approximately 1.9 billion USD in 2009 .
And lastly , the Singapore government wanted the help of the Malaysian government to flush out the Communists .
After much heated ideological conflicts between the two governments , in 1965 , the Malaysian parliament voted 126 to 0 to expel Singapore from Malaysia .
In general , military exercises are held with foreign forces once or twice per week .
Languages Singapore has four official languages : English , Mandarin Chinese ( or Standard Chinese to be more precise ) , Malay , and Tamil .
Both of the former Prime Ministers of Singapore , Lee Kuan Yew and Goh Chok Tong , have stated that Singapore does not fit the traditional description of a nation , calling it a society in transition , pointing out the fact that Singaporeans do not all speak the same language , share the same religion or have the same customs .
The national flower of Singapore is the Vanda Miss Joaquim .
Foreigners also make up 42 % of the population and have a strong influence on Singaporean culture .
There are 3.4 million users of the internet in Singapore , one of the highest internet penetration rates in the world .
Upgraded in 1998 and renamed Electronic Road Pricing , the system introduced electronic toll collection , electronic detection , and video surveillance technology .
In the Bukla Magazine , issued free of charge , both fiction and non-fiction Slovene books published in the previous month are reviewed since 2005 .
The Italian Royal Army launched an attack on Austria-Hungary in 1915 on territory populated by Slovenes .
On June 16 , 2001 , he helped to arrange the first meeting between George W. Bush and Vladimir Putin ( Bush-Putin 2001 ) .
About two-thirds of Slovenia 's trade is with EU members .
After the liberal fraction of the Communist Party of Slovenia was deposed , expansion of the Slovenian highway network came to a halt .
The only Slovenian military airport is the Cerklje ob Krki Air Base near the Slovenia – Croatia border in the southwestern part of the country .
The Honiara Peace Accord was agreed on 28 June 1999 .
The Solomon Islands are a wide island nation in the South Pacific Ocean , that lies east of Papua New Guinea and consists of many islands : Choiseul , the Shortland Islands , the New Georgia Islands , Santa Isabel , the Russell Islands , the Florida Islands , Malaita , Guadalcanal , Sikaiana , Maramasike , Ulawa , Uki , Makira ( San Cristobal ) , Santa Ana , Rennell , Bellona and the Santa Cruz Islands .
The distance between the most western and most eastern islands is about .
The Governor General appoints the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court on the advice of the Prime Minister and the Leader of the Opposition .
Prior to this Ulufa'alu had requested Australian intervention to stabilise the deteriorating situation in Solomon Islands , which was refused .
In mid-2011 , two consecutive missed rainy seasons precipitated the worst drought in East Africa seen in 60 years .
As with neighboring countries , Somalia 's economy consists of both traditional and modern production , with a gradual shift in favor of modern industrial techniques taking root .
Airspace over Somalia is controlled by the UN , with the $ 275 per plane going to the UN rather than the Somali government .
Hersi Boqor and his troops retreated to Ethiopia in order to rebuild their forces , but were unable to retake their territories , effectively ending the Campaign of the Sultanates .
The firm has its headquarters in London and employs more than 2000 people across 144 countries , with 130 branches in the United Kingdom alone , a further 130 branches in Somalia , and 400 branches globally , including one in Dubai .
Established in 2008 , it is cargo-based .
Companies producing in South Africa can take advantage of the low production costs and the access to new markets as a result of trade agreements with the European Union and the Southern African Development Community .
The supplier has been widely criticised for failing to adequately plan for and construct sufficient electrical generating capacity , although ultimately the government has admitted that it is at fault for refusing to approve funding for investment in infrastructure .
Other taxes include a value-added tax and a capital gains tax , with the overall tax burden amounting to 23.4 % of total domestic income .
Spain also shares land boundaries with France and Andorra along the Pyrenees in the northeast , with Portugal on the west , and with the small British Overseas Territory of Gibraltar near the southernmost tip .
The Canary Islands , ninety kilometers off the west coast of Africa , are of volcanic origin .
Bilateral relations Europe Latin America With Latin America n countries : During Aznar 's government , Spanish relations with some Latin-American countries like Mexico , Venezuela and Cuba got worse , but were exceptionally good with others like Colombia , Dominican Republic and several Central America small republics .
Sri Lanka was ruled by 181 kings from the Anuradhapura to Kandy periods .
During the reign of Mahasena ( 274-301 ) the Theravada ( Maha Vihara ) was persecuted and the Mahayana n branch of Buddhism surfaced .
The Soulbury constitution was essentially what Senanayake 's board of ministers had drafted in 1944 .
Overall , average annual GDP growth was 5.2 % over 1991-2000 .
See also References External links
Coup d'état On 30 June 1989 , Colonel Omar al-Bashir led a group of army officers in ousting the unstable coalition government of Prime Minister Sadiq al-Mahdi in a bloodless military coup .
The war went on for more than twenty years , including the use of Russian-made combat helicopters and military cargo planes that were used as bombers to devastating effect on villages and tribal rebels alike . "
As a result , the Second Sudanese Civil War with the Sudan People 's Liberation Army ( SPLA ) would only escalate in the following years .
A few days before the vote , the main opposition candidate , Yasir Arman from the SPLM , withdrew from the race .
This led to ten years hiatus in the civil war .
Peace talks between the southern rebels and the government made substantial progress in 2003 and early 2004 , although skirmishes in parts of the south have reportedly continued .
c ) The Licensed operators and service providers : in charge of the operation of licensed networks and of the provision of the services .
Notes References Further reading
Suriname has the capacity for international telecommunications , using two Intelsat satellite earth stations .
The first mining was done along Isfjorden by Norwegians in 1899 ; by 1904 , British interests had established themselves in Adventfjorden and started the first all-year operations .
Kvitøya , Kong Karls Land , Hopen and Bjørnøya were not regarded as part of the Spitsbergen archipelago .
Svalbard and Franz Joseph Land share a common population of 3,000 polar bears , with Kong Karls Land being the most important breeding ground .
Education Education in Swaziland is now free at primary level mainly first and second grades and also free for orphaned and vulnerable children but not compulsory .
The National Road Network has 1500km of main roads and 2270km of district roads .
The other paved airport is Matsapha Airport Other airports - with unpaved runways total : 13 914 to 1,523 m : 6 under 914 m : 7 ( 2012 ) See also References
The rugged terrain of the Jura and the Alps are very sparsely populated , except for some large valleys such as the Valais .
The plateau occupies about one third of the land area of Switzerland , and about two thirds of the population live in this area .
The Israelis pushed deeper into Syrian territory , beyond the 1967 boundary .
Protestors demanded political freedom and the release of political prisoners .
Additionally , some media reported that over 600 political prisoners and detainees , some of them children , have died in custody .
International religious freedom groups have been drawing attention to the plight of Syria ’s Christian minority at the hands of the rebel jihadist elements .
The roughly 26 million inhabitants of Syria are an overall indigenous Levant ine people .
According to the 2009 Syria Report of the Oxford Business Group , the oil sector accounted for 23 % of government revenue s , 20 % of exports , and 22 % of GDP in 2008 .
In addition , 3G SIM cards for use on mobile phones may be purchased with a data plan .
Shadowrun is a science fantasy role-playing game set in a near-future fictional universe in which cybernetics , magic and fantasy creatures co-exist .
It combines genres of cyberpunk , urban fantasy and crime , with occasional elements of conspiracy fiction , horror and detective fiction .
In the 1961 version of The Parent Trap , conversations between the twins were simulated by filming the actress ( Hayley Mills ) as she stood at the left of the frame facing right , then filming her again , standing at the right and facing left .
Annotations can therefore help the developer during any stage of software development where a formal documentation system would hinder progress .
Title Jane Austen wrote the first draft of the novel in the form of a novel-in-letters ( epistolary form ) sometime around 1795 when she was about 19 years old , and gave it the title , Elinor and Marianne .
Mr. Willoughby 's attentions are so overt that Elinor and Mrs. Dashwood begin to suspect that the couple are secretly engaged .
Sprouts may refer to : See also
Sprouts is a pencil-and-paper game with interesting mathematical properties .
It was invented by mathematician s John Horton Conway and Michael S. Paterson at Cambridge University in the early 1960s .
The rank of a pure set X is defined to be the least upper bound of all successors of ranks of members of X. For example , the empty set is assigned rank 0 , while the set containing only the empty set is assigned rank 1 .
In many cases , results of classical descriptive set theory have effective versions ; in some cases , new results are obtained by proving the effective version first and then extending ( " relativizing " ) it to make it more broadly applicable .
Baring-Gould was the Secretary and author of the first ten annual reports until 1905 .
In later Hindu usage , all the Vedic Ādityas lost identity and metamorphosed into one composite deity , Surya , the Sun .
Despite many obstacles and setbacks , the 1896 Olympics were regarded as a great success .
During the late 1980s and early 1990s , shareware software was widely distributed over bulletin board system s globally and on diskettes .
Identity of indiscernibles The indiscernibility argument from the substance theorist targets those bundle theorists who are also metaphysical realists .
Stoicism The Stoics rejected the idea that incorporeal beings inhere in matter , as taught by Plato .
Hard-sphere models The models are based on the simplified form of the inter-particle potential between helium-4 atoms in the superfluid phase .
In this approach , the metric geometry of probability distribution s is studied ; this approach quantifies approximation error with , for example , the Kullback – Leibler distance , Bregman divergence , and the Hellinger distance .
While the standard deviation does measure how far typical values tend to be from the mean , other measures are available .
She also performed in the production of Warrior , a musical about the American-Indian athlete Jim Thorpe , where CurtainUp.com described her as " outstanding . "
Soul Coughing was an American alternative rock band .
Based in New York City , the band found modest mainstream success during the mid-to-late 1990s .
Degli Antoni , Doughty , Boston-based upright bass player Sebastian Steinberg , and Israel i drummer Yuval Gabay ( a collaborator with Zorn , and David Linton ) played their first gig , as " M. Doughty 's Soul Coughing " , at the Knitting Factory on June 15 , 1992 , a late-Monday night slot that Doughty cadged from his boss because nobody else wanted it .
Early Dutch television series were Morgen gebeurt het ( tomorrow it will happen ) , broadcast from 1957 to 1959 , about a group of Dutch space explorers and their adventures , De duivelsgrot ( the devil 's cave ) , broadcast from 1963 to 1964 , about a scientist who finds the map of a cave that leads to the center of the earth and Treinreis naar de Toekomst ( train journey to the future ) about two young children who are taken to the future by robots who try to recreate humanity , but are unable to give the cloned humans a soul .
An external skeleton can be quite heavy in relation to the overall mass of an animal , so on land , organisms that have an exoskeleton are mostly relatively small .
( Plus she looks great in a corset . ) " .
On February 15 , 2013 , it was reported that Gellar would return to television with a pilot for CBS entitled Crazy Ones opposite Robin Williams .
Saward had written out the sonic screwdriver , believing that the Doctor had " a cupboard full of them " in the TARDIS .
In " Partners in Crime " the alien nursemaid possesses a " Sonic Pen " .
Up to eight pedals ( not counting the volume pedal ) and up to eight knee-levers are used to alter the tunings of different strings , which gives the instrument its distinctive voice , most often heard in country music .
In the south-east lie lower Hyblaean Mountains , .
This difference is mostly caused by the negative influence of Mafia that is still active in some areas although it is much weaker than in the past .
It is conjectured that this riverine " island " is in fact just the Bambuk - Buré goldfield district , which is practically surrounded on all sides by rivers - the Senegal river to the north , the Falémé River to the west , the Bakhoy to the east and the Niger and Tinkisso to the south .
This can be illustrated by enumerating S = and associating with each subset T ⊆ S ( which is to say with each element of 2S ) the k-tuple from k of which the ith coordinate is 1 if and only if si is a member of T. See also References External links
Stonehenge is owned by the Crown and managed by English Heritage , while the surrounding land is owned by the National Trust .
16th century to present Stonehenge has changed ownership several times since King Henry VIII acquired Amesbury Abbey and its surrounding lands .
That year , his father fell ill and could not attend the Imperial Feng Sacrifice .
Sima was the only person to defend Li Ling , who had never been his friend but whom he respected .
In this time , fibrinogen from the seminal vesicles forms a clot , securing and protecting the sperm .
Beckett was awarded the Croix de guerre and the Médaille de la Résistance by the French government for his efforts in fighting the German occupation ; to the end of his life , however , Beckett would refer to his work with the French Resistance as " boy scout stuff " .
David Samuel " Sam " Peckinpah ( February 21 , 1925 – December 28 , 1984 ) was an American film director and screenwriter who achieved prominence following the release of the Western epic The Wild Bunch ( 1969 ) .
Christianity in Shanghai includes Eastern Orthodox minorities and , since 1996 , registered Christian Protestant churches .
In 2010 , Shanghai took the top spot in the latest round of the most comprehensive assessment of the world 's state schools .
Judging from family letters , Crookes had already developed a favorable view of spiritualism by 1869 .
The 2005 documentary film Plagues & Pleasures on the Salton Sea ( narrated by John Waters ) features Bono and documented the lives of the inhabitants of Bombay Beach , Niland , and Salton City , as well as the ecological issues associated with the Sea .
The flow of water over the underwater hull portions creates hydrodynamic forces , which combine with the aerodynamic forces from the sails to allow motion in almost any direction except straight into the wind .
Older clients and servers may try to transfer excessively sized messages that will be rejected after consuming network resources , including connect time to network links that is paid by the minute .
During this short interval a supernova can radiate as much energy as the Sun is expected to emit over its entire life span .
Within a few seconds , a substantial fraction of the matter in the white dwarf undergoes nuclear fusion , releasing enough energy ( 1 – 2 × 1044 joule s ) to unbind the star in a supernova explosion .
He composed his first two piano concerto s around this time , the latter of which caused a scandal at its premiere ( 23 August 1913 , Pavlovsk ) .
Before leaving , he developed acquaintances with senior Bolsheviks including Anatoly Lunacharsky , the People 's Commissar for Education , who told him : " You are a revolutionary in music , we are revolutionaries in life .
Note that some novel architectural concepts such as Fractionated Spacecraft somewhat upset this taxonomy .
The first satellite built by Singapore , X-Sat , was launched aboard a PSLV rocket on April 20 , 2011 .
Michael Moorcock 's Warlord of the Air ( 1971 ) is another early example .
A circular reference occurs when the formula in one cell refers — directly , or indirectly through a chain of cell references — to another cell that refers back to the first cell .
In addition , programs can be written that pull information from the worksheet , perform some calculations , and report the results back to the worksheet .
The city 's population peaked in 1950 , then began a long decline that continues in the 21st century .
The Meramec River forms most of its southern border .
Flora and fauna Before the founding of the city , the area was prairie and open forest maintained by burning by Native Americans .
Lead fusible plug s may be present in the crown of the firebox .
The cycle is used to model machines that generate about 90 % of all electric power used throughout the world , including virtually all solar , biomass , coal and nuclear power plant s. It is named after William John Macquorn Rankine , a Scottish polymath .
In 1620 , Juan Pablo Bonet published ( ‘ Reduction of letters and art for teaching mute people to speak ’ ) in Madrid .
The size of this energy gap ( bandgap ) determines whether a material is semiconductor or an insulator ( nominally this dividing line is roughly 4 eV ) .
Modern history In August 1492 , Christopher Columbus stopped at La Gomera in the Canary Islands , for wine and water , intending to stay only four days .
It is broken down when consumed into its constituent parts by the enzyme lactase during digestion .
Hayek 's performance as Sofia resulted in a nomination for Outstanding Guest Actress in a Comedy Series at the 59th Primetime Emmy Awards .
( A radio spot for Planters nuts parodied this , by saying " it would be super ... to have a bowl ... of Planters nuts while watching the big game ! " )
Residents call themselves Kittitians .
In 1883 St. Kitts , Nevis and Anguilla were all linked under one presidency , located on St. Kitts , to the dismay of the Nevisians and Anguillans .
Not only the similarity in distribution and movements of the pieces but also the names of Shogi pieces suggest intimacy between Shogi and makruk by its Buddhist symbolism ( Gold , Silver , Cassia and Incense ) , which is n't recognised in Chinese chess at all .
When these features are tailored to the local climate and environment they can produce well-lit spaces that stay in a comfortable temperature range .
Individual features include sawtooth roofs , clerestory windows , light shelves , skylight s and light tube s. They may be incorporated into existing structures , but are most effective when integrated into a solar design package that accounts for factors such as glare , heat flux and time-of-use .
Electricity use is greatly affected by geography , climate and economics , making it hard to generalize from single studies .
Since bare , leafless trees shade 1/3 to 1/2 of incident solar radiation , there is a balance between the benefits of summer shading and the corresponding loss of winter heating .
These are subsets of the full SVG standard , mainly intended for user agent s with limited capabilities .
Most Sony Ericsson phones beginning with K700 ( by release date ) support SVG Tiny 1.1 .
The first was introduced to the House of Commons on 11 February 1695 .
It was also argued that such a course was necessary to ensure Sophia 's succession , for Anne 's Roman Catholic half-brother was significantly closer to London than Sophia .
It is desirable to use LDOS to express the current because this value does not change as the volume changes , while probability density does .
The versions of Eusebius state that she was famous by the first or second year of the 45th or 46th Olympiad ( between 600 and 594 BCE ) .
The Romans committed no fewer than twelve legions , amounting to one third to one half of the entire Roman army , to reconquer this now independent state .
When used in combination with psychosocial interventions they may improve long-term adherence to treatment .
One further work of Germain 's on elasticity was published posthumously in 1831 : her “ Mémoire sur la courbure des surfaces .
Small arms is a term used by armed forces to denote infantry weapons an individual soldier may carry .
The description is usually limited to revolver s , pistol s , submachine gun s , carbine s , assault rifle s , battle rifle s , sniper rifle s , squad automatic weapon s , light machine gun s ( e.g. M60 ) , and sometimes hand grenade s. Shotgun s , general-purpose machine gun s , medium machine gun s , and grenade launchers may be considered small arms or as support weapons , depending on the particular armed forces .
He also influenced Alan Kay and the Dynabook concept , and worked with Kay on various projects .
In about 1644 Pepys attended Huntingdon Grammar School , before being educated at St Paul 's School , London , c. 1646 – 1650 .
The first group was tested , retested 12 hours later while awake , and finally tested another 12 hours later with sleep in between .
Bats sleep while hanging upside down .
In recent years it has become more apparent that in mice the extracellular superoxide dismutase ( SOD3 , ecSOD ) is critical in the development of hypertension .
See also References External links
Early career Wozniak 's friend at the time , Steve Jobs , was assigned to create a circuit board for the arcade video game Breakout .
In mathematics and in physics , separability may refer to properties of : In arbitration law , separability describes the principle that an arbitration clause is considered separate from the contract in which it is contained .
In chemical engineering , separability refers to the efficacy with which particles can be separated in a separation process .
There is no particular architecture style that entirely characterises the whole of Sydney .
In mathematics , specifically , in topology , a surface is a two-dimensional , topological manifold .
The most familiar examples are those that arise as the boundaries of solid objects in ordinary three-dimensional Euclidean space R3 — for example , the surface of a ball .
Around this time cladistics rapidly became the dominant method of classification in evolutionary biology .
Controversy Gould received many accolades for his scholarly work and popular expositions of natural history , but was not immune from criticism by biologists who felt his public presentations were out of step with mainstream evolutionary theory .
Through Flora , Waverley meets Bonnie Prince Charlie , and under her influence goes over to the Jacobite side and takes part in the Battle of Prestonpans .
The image on the 2007 series of banknotes is based on the portrait by Henry Raeburn .
The historical land of Savoy emerged as the feudal territory of the house of Savoy during the 11th to 14th centuries .
The geographic location of Savoy was also of military importance .
Many bronze objects , such as swords , spearheads , arrows , axes , palstave s , knives , daggers , rapiers , armour , decorative equipment ( in particular for horses ) and fragments of sheet bronze , are entrusted to St Edmundsbury heritage service , housed at West Stow just outside Bury St Edmunds .
Well-known companies in Suffolk include Greene King and Branston Pickle in Bury St Edmunds .
Originating in Aldeburgh , it has been held at the nearby Snape Maltings since 1967 .
In 2008 , savate was recognised by the International University Sports Federation ( FISU ) – this recognition allows savate to hold official University World Championships , the first was held in Nantes , France in 2010 .
Jewish Koine Greek exists primarily a category of literature , or cultural category , but apart from some distinctive religious vocabulary is not distinct from other varieties of Koine Greek to be counted a separate dialect of Greek .
The books of the New Testament are arranged in this order : the four Gospels , the epistles of Paul ( Hebrews follows 2 Thess .
History St. John Fisher College was founded as a men 's college in 1948 by the Basilian Fathers and with the aid of Father James E. Kearney , then the Bishop of Roman Catholic Diocese of Rochester .
Various initiatives are in train towards achieving this aim including the development of activities that benefit the wider community , challenge prejudice and encourage tolerance of diversity .
In some countries , units are supported by lay members , who range from acting as meeting helpers to being members of the unit 's committee .
In other countries , especially within Europe , Scouting and Guiding have merged , and there is a single organization for boys and girls , which is a member of both the WOSM and the WAGGGS .
The algorithm is based on leftover hash lemma .
Sedevacantism ( derived from the Latin words sedes or " seat " , and vacans or " vacant " ) is the position , held by a minority of Traditionalist Catholics , that the present occupant of the papal see is not truly Pope and that , for lack of a valid Pope , the see has been vacant since the death of Pope Pius XII in 1958 .
The final incarnation of the series , , went on stage in January 2005 .
Stadion is the previous home arena of AIK and is the current home arena of Djurgårdens IF .
Events Births Deaths Holidays and observances External links
Events Births Deaths Holidays and observances External links
Events Births Deaths Holidays and observances External links
Servius Tullius was the legendary sixth king of ancient Rome , and the second of its Etruscan dynasty .
He reigned 578-535 BC .
On the other , Romans of the Republic and Empire saw each king as contributing in some distinctive and novel way to the city 's fabric and territories , or its social , military , religious , legal or political institutions .
In Plutarch , Servius reluctantly consented to the kingship at the death-bed insistence of Tanaquil .
New tribal division , and expansion of the city Rome 's comitia curiata was drawn from three tribes , the Ramnes , the Tities , and the Luceres , who were supposedly based on three of Rome 's hills and claimed descent from Rome 's founding fathers ; most sources presume them to have been exclusively patrician .
However , revenue from non-patent-medicine advertisements was too low to cover costs .
( Two members who voted against the merger were asked to resign ) .
The cultivation and processing of indigo , a blue flowering plant , was developed here by a young English woman , Eliza Lucas , a planter 's daughter who had come with her father , also a military officer , from the Caribbean .
Any man who is half a man would be ready to blow up half the world with dynamite to prevent or avenge attacks upon the honor of his mother in the legitimacy or purity of the blood of his father . "
One must have control over one 's internal vices and be able to be constantly immersed in virtues clarified in the Guru Granth Sahib .
A former ascetic was charged by Gobind Singh with the duty of punishing those who had persecuted the innocents in Punjab .
Due to occasional ambiguity , IUPAC adopted a more rigorous system wherein the substituents at each end of the double bond are assigned priority based on their atomic number .
When voicing child characters , the voice actors speak within their normal vocal range while adding a childlike inflection .
The band DVDA , which consists of Parker and Stone , along with show staff members Bruce Howell and D.A. Young , would perform the music for these compositions , and , until the character 's death on the show , were listed as " Chef 's Band " in the closing credits .
This is named for its fingerlike projections called papillae , that extend toward the epidermis .
In more massive stars the stars become more luminous and the pulsation period is longer , leading to enhanced mass loss , and the stars become heavily obscured at visual wavelengths .
John Colter in 1808 was the first to sight the upper headwaters of the Snake River , including the Jackson Hole area .
Types of stout Stouts have several variations .
By the late Republican era , slavery had become a vital economic pillar in the wealth of Rome , as well as a very significant part of Roman society .
The trade particularly picked up after the Viking invasions , with major markets at Chester and Bristol supplied by Danish , Mercian , and Welsh raiding of one another 's borderlands .
Other Amerindians , such as the Inca of the Andes , the Tupinambá of Brazil , the Creek of Georgia , and the Comanche of Texas , also owned slaves .
Indeed , as already mentioned in this article , slavery persists in several areas of West Africa until the present day .
These are also competitive levels .
The wetsuit is the usual choice for those who swim in cold water for long periods of time , as it reduces susceptibility to hypothermia .
One approach is to attach simple machines in series to obtain compound machines .
IBM 's production contract for the SAGE centrals was $ 10 billion ( cf. $ 2 billion WWII Manhattan Project ) . .
A necessary and sufficient condition for the existence of an S ( 2,3 , n ) is that n \ equiv 1 or 3 ( mod 6 ) .
The heliacal rising of Sirius marked the flooding of the Nile in Ancient Egypt and the " dog days " of summer for the ancient Greeks , while to the Polynesians it marked winter and was an important star for navigation around the Pacific Ocean .
In apocrypha l works including the Acts of Peter , Pseudo-Clementines , and the Epistle of the Apostles , Simon also appears as a formidable sorcerer with the ability to levitate and fly at will .
Many online classes cost money to take but some are offered free .
It has appearances from many famous skaters such as Tony Alva , Tony Hawk , Christian Hosoi and Steve Caballero .
The incorporation of a harness and frame allows the rider to perform turns spins all while flying though the air .
In mass-start races , skaters will usually be allowed some physical contact .
The rescue and recovery effort after the September 11 attacks comprised the local , state and federal agency reaction to the September 11 attacks .
The unprecedented events of that day elicited the largest response of local emergency and rescue personnel to assist in the evacuation of the two towers and also contributed to the largest loss of the same personnel when the towers collapsed .
SAC also controlled the infrastructure necessary to support the strategic bomber and ICBM operations , such as aerial refueling tanker aircraft to refuel the bombers in flight , strategic reconnaissance aircraft , command post aircraft , and , until 1957 , fighter escorts .
As a result , the US was very apprehensive about Soviet development of long range bombers and more advanced nuclear weapons .
These four factors combined to create a high level of uncertainty and prevented the development of an effective nuclear strategy .
, complex ?
( let ( ( hello1 ( lambda ( p ) ( display " Hello world " p ) ( newline p ) ) ) ) ( call-with-output-file " helloworldoutputfile " hello1 ) ) Similar procedures are provided for input .
Review of standard forms and procedures The language is formally defined in the standards R5RS ( 1998 ) and R6RS ( 2007 ) .
This differs from a military sniper , who operates as part of a larger army , engaged in warfare .
There was controversy over revisions of the decree on religious freedom and the failure to vote on it during the third period , but Pope Paul promised that this schema would be the first to be reviewed in the next period .
In its first chapter , titled " The Mystery of the Church , " is the famous statement that " the sole Church of Christ which in the Creed we profess to be one , holy , catholic and apostolic , which our Saviour , after His Resurrection , commissioned Peter to shepherd , and him and the other apostles to extend and direct with authority , which He erected for all ages as ' the pillar and mainstay of the truth . '
The demonstrative pronoun ten ( fem : tá , neuter : to ) may be used in front of the noun in situations where definiteness must be indicated .
Within the pluralist tradition , Robert Dahl developed the theory of the state as a neutral arena for contending interests or its agencies as simply another set of interest group s. With power competitively arranged in society , state policy is a product of recurrent bargaining .
There are currently 143 Project Argus radio telescopes operating in 27 countries .
All of these objects are located in the Local Bubble , a region within the Orion – Cygnus Arm of the Milky Way Galaxy .
Sagitta is a constellation .
Its name is Latin for " arrow " , and it should not be confused with the larger constellation Sagittarius , the archer .
Increasingly , stock exchanges are part of a global market for securities .
The stock market had begun , but since stocks were not allowed to be traded with multiple addresses for a company , the stocks were redesignated as coming just from Amsterdam .
Sinn Féin contested the Leitrim North by-election of 1908 and secured 27 % of the vote .
Thereafter , both support and membership fell .
A Belfast Sinn Féin organiser of the time described the party 's role as " agitation and publicity " .
The Torah mentions the place where God shall choose to establish His name ( Deut 12:5 ) , and Judaism takes this to refer to Jerusalem .
The resultant accumulation of various huge salt and mineral deposits about the Mediterranean basin are directly linked to this era .
The SRBs provided additional thrust during liftoff and first-stage flight .
This means that of snow melts down to of water .
The main wave extends from La Punta to the township , a distance of about 800m , although single rides do not normally connect along this whole distance .
See also References External links
Events Births Deaths Holidays and observances External links
Events Births Deaths Holidays and observances External links
Short Message Service ( SMS ) is a text messaging service component of phone , web , or mobile communication systems , using standardized communications protocols that allow the exchange of short text messages between fixed line or mobile phone devices .
SMS is the most widely used data application in the world , with 3.6 billion active users , or 78 % of all mobile phone subscribers .
SMS spoofing The GSM [ Global System for Mobile ] industry has identified a number of potential fraud attacks on mobile operators that can be delivered via abuse of SMS messaging services .
In Germany in 2010 nearly half a million “ silent SMSs ” were sent by the federal police , customs , and the secret service Office for Protection of the Constitution .
Supermarine , now Atlantic Aviation , is at the Santa Monica Airport .
By idealizing the engine , he could arrive at clear and indisputable answers to his original two questions .
The only reference to it within a few years after its publication was in a review in the periodical Revue Encyclopédique , which was a journal that covered a wide range of topics in literature .
Major structural issues still remained unresolved .
SQL Server may refer to :
Sufism , which is a general term for Muslim mysticism , was originally a response to the increasing worldly power of Islamic leaders as the religion spread during the 8th Century and their corresponding shift in focus towards materialistic and political concerns .
Ruwaym , from the second generation of Sufis in Baghdad , was also an influential early figure , as was Junayd of Baghdad ; a number of early practitioners of Sufism were disciples of one of the two .
Sarawak is also one of the world 's largest exporters of tropical hardwood timber and is the major contributor to Malaysian exports .
The Penan , Borneo 's nomadic hunter-gatherer s have been most affected by these changes , complaining of illness through polluted rivers , game depletion resulting in widespread hunger and loss of traditional medicines and forest products .
Samba ( ) is a Brazilian dance and musical genre originating in Bahia , Brazil , and with its roots in Rio de Janeiro and Africa via the West African slave trade and African religious traditions .
It is recognized around the world as a symbol of Brazil and the Brazilian Carnival .
Thus 2 December marked the first visit of Ary Barroso to Salvador .
By 1986 , although still very much a minority sport , commercial snowboards started appearing in leading French ski resorts .
” He had long dominated and stabilized Spanish politics .
Only Oklahoma Territory Pawnee Indian , Tom Isbell , wounded seven times , survived .
Today , that organization is defunct , but it left an heir in the Sons of Spanish – American War Veterans , created in 1937 at the 39th National Encampment of the United Spanish War Veterans .
In 1988 work began to build a tunnel to complement the bridge .
Tidal flow The bridge is equipped for tidal flow operation , permitting the direction of traffic flow on the bridge to be altered to better suit the morning and evening rush hours ' traffic patterns .
Lanes three , four and five are reversible .
In France , three days after D-Day , Miller receives orders to find Ryan .
Miller decides to take command and defend the bridge with what little manpower and resources are available .
In defense of the film 's portrait of warfare , filmmaker Brian De Palma commented , " The level of violence in something like Saving Private Ryan makes sense because Spielberg is trying to show something about the brutality of what happened . "
History The original type of sushi , known today as nare-zushi ( , ) was first made in Southeast Asia , possibly along what is now known as the Mekong River .
However , there is also mention of sushi in a Japanese-English dictionary from 1873 , and an 1879 article on Japanese cookery in the journal Notes and Queries .
Gomokuzushi ( Kansai-style sushi ) consists of cooked or uncooked ingredients mixed in the body of rice in a bowl .
James II died in 1701 at the Palace of St. Germain en Laye , and was succeeded in his claims to the British throne by his son , James Francis Edward Stuart ( 1699 – 1766 ) , the Chevalier St. George , better known as " the Old Pretender " , but recognized as James III by the French King Louis XIV .
The Supreme Council of the Southern Jurisdiction meets every odd year during the month of August at the House of the Temple , Scottish Rite of Freemasonry Southern Jurisdiction Headquarters , in Washington , DC .
France The Ancient and Accepted Scottish Rite appeared in France thanks to Grasse-Tilly in 1804 on his return from the Antilles .
This grew into an independent and sovereign Masonic power .
The Sandman is a figure in folklore who brings good sleep and dreams .
Sandman may also refer to : People Fictional Print Film and television Music Businesses Vehicles
Literacy was generally high among the warriors and the common classes as well .
Just as electrical energy produces warmth , sound or light depending on the device through which it passes , similarly , the energy of consciousness functions through three different but closely connected faculties , referred to respectively by the terms mind , intellect , and personality .
The term " soul " is misleading as it implies an object possessed , whereas self signifies the subject which perceives all objects .
When the Aatma becomes embodied it is called birth , when the Aatma leaves a body it is called death .
An analogy for strings ' modes of vibration is a guitar string 's production of multiple distinct musical notes .
When the Temple yet stood in Jerusalem , people would offer sacrifices for their misdeeds .
SCSI is popular on high-performance workstations and servers .
Despite Nintendo 's attempts to stop the proliferation of such projects , emulators and ROM files continue to be widely available on the Internet .
In the aftermath of the uprising , which was crushed by heavily armed police shooting school children protesting , the authorities began to target Biko further .
Episode 2 : Who 's Zooming Whom ?
Later , when they return to camp , Frank pulls Silas aside to alert of the younger members ' weaknesses .
So a tie-breaker must take place .
When the tribe arrives for the reward challenge , they discover that it is an obstacle course .
As a result , Lex wins individual immunity for the second straight time .
After Jeff explains the rules , everyone grabs a Rungu stick and starts throwing them at their opponents ' clay pots .
Tom feels lucky and happy to have lasted so long .
However , Nera fulfills the task and infiltrates the fairy mound where he remains trapped until next Samhain .
Ra reveals his intention to send an atomic bomb brought by O'Neil , its destructive power now enhanced 100-fold with the addition of the quartzite-like material to produce cataclysmic results .
Ebert awarded the film one out of four stars , and even over ten years later Stargate remains on his list of most hated films .
Eventually , David becomes Jonathan 's brother-in-law by Michal .
Another campaign was led six years later , in 694 BC , to destroy the Elamite base on the shore of the Persian Gulf .
Creation In December 1856 , the Transvaal assembly met at Potchefstroom , and for three weeks was engaged in modelling the constitution 1856 of the country .
It now resides in the Petrie Museum of Egyptian Archaeology .
It seems to have been a heavy dart flung from a leather sling .
Late Model Late Model s are usually the highest class of stock cars in local racing .
It was formed to market and distribute games and related merchandising ( toy s , books , music , etc. ) in Asia .
IN 1993 Hamzi Moghrabi , a Sidon native , founded and became president of IBC Inc. .
It is adorned with various examples of great architectural legacies since antiquity .
United States and territories In the United States in the aftermath of World War II , a troupe of former servicewomen was assembled by Hormel Foods to promote Spam from coast to coast .
According to the Internet Society and other sources , the term spam for Internet abuses came into use in reference to this sketch .
The word was also attributed to the flood of " Make Money Fast " messages that clogged many newsgroups during the 1990s .
A siddur ( ; plural סדורים , siddurim ) is a Jewish prayer book , containing a set order of daily prayers .
( The word " siddur " comes from a Hebrew root meaning " order " . )
These rooms are prized because of the high insulation provided by the air-filled pumice , and are used as living quarters of unique coolness in the summer and warmth in the winter , and also as premium storage space for produce and especially for wine cellaring : the Kánava wineries of Santorini .
When summed over the entire splay operation , this telescopes to 3 ( rank ( root ) ) which is O ( log n ) .
Personal well-being , both physical and psychological , is an important aspect of modern spirituality .
The main function of Cain and Abel throughout The Sandman is as comic relief .
She is kind and has a maternal nature , though she retains her assertiveness that might have been seen more as snappiness in her old stories .
This realignment restored the AFC West to its initial post-merger roster of original AFL teams Denver , San Diego , Kansas City , and Oakland .
In the same press conference , he stated that the new navy pants " felt better " on players as opposed to the Seahawks blue pants .
In addition , any Saturday or Sunday afternoon games broadcast by CBS ( with the Seahawks hosting an AFC opponent ) will air on local CBS affiliate KIRO-TV .
That story revealed that Templar wrote an adventure novel featuring a South America n hero not far removed from The Saint himself .
Ultimately , however , no such franchise appeared .
The series ( for which no broadcast date was announced ) was to be executive produced by William J. MacDonald and produced by Jorge Zamacona .
Charteris , Barer writes , chose not to submit it to his UK publishers , Hodder & Stoughton .
However , with treatment young children may be left with little evidence of stuttering .
In medial and final position , the aspirated stops are preaspirated rather than aspirated .
The Scottish Gaelic used in Machine-readable British passport s differs from Irish passport s in places . "
There are also television programmes in the language on other BBC channels and on the independent commercial channels , usually subtitled in English .
In the mid-1990s , the Celtic League started a campaign to have the word " Alba " on the Scottish football and rugby union tops .
Even so , civil wars could not be prevented , as another Seleucid , Philip II , contested rule with Antiochus .
Joining Sigismund Báthory 's 40,000-strong army led by István Bocskay , they liberated Târgovişte ( October 8 , 1595 ) , Bucharest ( October 12 , 1595 ) and Brăila .
Twenty-two telegraphers sent out 165,000 words per day on the trial over thousands of miles of telegraph wires hung for the purpose ; more words were transmitted to Britain about the Scopes trial than for any previous American event .
Each responsibility can be performed at the local , regional , national , and international levels .
Paul Bartrop , co-author of The Dictionary of Genocide with US scholar Samuel Totten , rejects the use of the word genocide to describe Australian colonial history in general , but says the use of the term can be " sustained relatively easily " when describing the Stolen Generations .
Opposition leader 's parliamentary reply and reaction The Leader of the Opposition Brendan Nelson then also delivered a 20-minute speech , which while apparently endorsing the apology , appeared to include a significant qualification .
The legions of Syria , however , had proclaimed Pescennius Niger emperor .
Severus prepared for another protracted campaign within Caledonia .
The San Francisco Giants are a Major League Baseball ( MLB ) team based in San Francisco , California , playing in the National League West Division .
Originally known as the New York Giants , the team moved to San Francisco in 1958 .
The Giants split the first two ( one-run ) games in Anaheim , but took Games 4 & 5 in Pac Bell Park after being beaten soundly by the visiting Angels in Game 3 for a three-games-to-two lead following their 16 – 4 blowout home win in Game 5 before the Series shifted back to Anaheim .
On September 28 , the Giants were officially eliminated from the NL West race after losing to the division champion San Diego Padres , finishing a distant third at 75 – 87 , their worst , and first losing , season since 1996 .
Snow sat in so that Dave Flemming could also attend the award presentation .
They and the Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim are the only MLB California teams to originate in California ; the Dodgers and Giants are originally from New York , and the Athletics are originally from Philadelphia .
The novel opens with Rico aboard the corvette Rodger Young ( named after Medal of Honor recipient Rodger Wilton Young ) , serving with the platoon known as " Rasczak 's Roughnecks " ( named after the platoon leader , Lt. Rasczak ) about to embark on a raid against the planet of the " Skinnies " , who are allies of the Arachnids .
In the next section of the novel , after being denied all his higher preferred Service choices , Rico goes to boot camp at Camp Arthur Currie , on the northern prairies .
The film diverged greatly in terms of the themes and plot of the novel , and received mixed reviews from critics .
In Sufism , the major wali are considered masters in the art of spiritual purification .
A sorting algorithm is an algorithm that puts elements of a list in a certain order .
The most-used orders are numerical order and lexicographical order .
The basic idea is to eliminate turtles , or small values near the end of the list , since in a bubble sort these slow the sorting down tremendously .
In the early days they were either horse-drawn or fueled by steam and by the end of the 19th century they were electric driven .
Second , the part of the brain that deals with attention causes difficulty in paying attention , working effectively and processing information when in a waking state .
SAE is non-rhotic , losing postvocalic , except ( for some speakers ) liaison between two words , when the is underlying in the first ( for a while , here and there etc. ) However , intrusive is not represented in other contexts : ( law and order ) .
Electron elastic scattering In the elastic scattering interaction , a neutrino collides with an atomic electron and imparts some of its energy to the electron .
jpg | Freestyle switch 720 mute grab Image : Calgary .
Morgan received a letter and she was told she looked too old for the other women , and was replaced with Chisholm .
Although the girls were not to be in the show , they were to influence the show 's cast and production choices in a story which uses ; similar to that of ABBA 's music in Mamma Mia !
This equation is valid only if each microstate is equally accessible ( each microstate has an equal probability of occurring ) .
The macroscopic state of maximal entropy for the system is the one in which all micro-states are equally likely to occur , with probability 1 / Ω ( E ) , during the system 's fluctuations , and we have for the system 's entropy : Canonical ensemble In canonical ensemble N , V and T are fixed .
This modern scientific word descends from a Latin scientific word in use in the late Roman republic of the 1st century BC : solstitium .
Reception lasted for two minutes , while PS-1 was above the horizon .
Between 572 and 574 , Leovigild invaded the valley of the Douro , pushing the Suebi west and northwards .
Submachine guns rose to prominence as a front line close-quarters combat weapon and commando firearm during World War II .
Now , some shooting ranges in large cities rent guns to customers , and businesses utilize ranges in providing entertainment shooting offerings .
For example , targets that formerly resembled humans or animals in their shape and size have are now a circular shape in order to avoid associating the sport with any form of violence .
The brewing process for sake differs from the process for beer , in that for beer , the conversion from starch to sugar and from sugar to alcohol occurs in two discrete steps .
Single-hose regulator Most modern open-circuit scuba sets have a diving regulator consisting of a first-stage pressure-reducing valve connected to the diving cylinder 's output valve .
Examples of subtractive synthesis A human example The basis of subtractive synthesis can be understood by considering the human voice ; when a human speaks , sings or makes other vocal noises , the vocal folds act as an oscillator and the mouth and throat as a filter .
The annual Farmers Insurance Open golf tournament ( formerly the Buick Invitational ) on the PGA Tour occurs at the municipally owned Torrey Pines Golf Course .
The radio stations in San Diego include nationwide broadcaster , Clear Channel Communications ; CBS Radio , Midwest Television , Lincoln Financial Media , Finest City Broadcasting , and many other smaller stations and networks .
The city receives its water from the Metropolitan Water District of Southern California .
A planned Mid-Coast line will operate from Old Town to University City along the 5 Freeway .
Sister cities San Diego has 16 sister cities , as designated by Sister Cities International : See also References External links
Since a rocket must carry all of its reaction mass , most of the initially-expended reaction mass goes towards accelerating reaction mass rather than payload .
However there are some useful fixed points : Some drives ( such as VASIMR or Electrodeless plasma thruster ) actually can significantly vary their exhaust velocity .
IKAROS successfully demonstrated propulsion and guidance and is still flying today .
In April 2000 , Commander José Arcela Chiroque , called " Ormeño " , was captured , followed by another leader , Florentino Cerrón Cardozo , called " Marcelo " in July 2003 .
City status had been granted to the municipal borough of St Albans in 1877 , following the elevation of St Albans Abbey to cathedral .
As a result of Terry Fox 's legacy , running for charitable causes is now integrated within communities worldwide .
The boundary of this region is called the magnetopause , and some of the particles are able to penetrate the magnetosphere through this region by partial reconnection of the magnetic field lines .
Fabius ' policy was to shadow Hannibal by moving on the heights parallel to the Carthaginian movements on the plains , to avoid Hannibal 's cavalry which was supreme on flat terrain .
Several attempts were made to free the terrorists by force or blackmail during the ' German Autumn ' of 1977 , culminating in the abduction and murder of the German industrialist and President of the German Employers ' Association Hanns Martin Schleyer as well as the hijacking of Lufthansa flight LH181 .
It was designed and built as part of a general approach to warfare where all arms , infantry and artillery included , would be able to operate over the same terrain as tanks .
History The history of African townships south west of Johannesburg that would later form Soweto was propelled by the increasing eviction of Africans by city and state authorities .
The World Mill is a hypothesized mytheme shared by the mythologies of certain Indo-European-speaking peoples , involving the analogy of the cosmos or the firmament ( Finnish : Taivaankansi ) and a rotating millstone .
The export of springbok skins , mainly from Namibia and South Africa , is also a booming industry .
The meat is a prized fare .
History The design process was initiated when , in 1999 , the Department of Arts , Culture , Science and Technology requested ideas for the new coat-of-arms from the public .
In addition to the severity of disease , discussed below , sinusitis can be classified by the sinus cavity which it affects : Recent theories of sinusitis indicate that it often occurs as part of a spectrum of disease s that affect the respiratory tract ( i.e. , the " one airway " theory ) and is often linked to asthma .
Scarlatti is an Italian surname .
Notable people with the surname include : See also
The sisters frequently visited schools , hospitals , orphanages , air raid shelters and aided war torn communities along the way .
Work began at the Gaget , Gauthier & Co. workshop .
The French government authorized a lottery ; among the prizes were valuable silver plate and a terracotta model of the statue .
Council communists described the Soviet Union as a capitalist state , believing that the Bolshevik revolution in Russia became a " bourgeois revolution " when a party bureaucracy replaced the old feudal aristocracy .
Although most council communists felt the Russian Revolution was working class in character , they believed that the Soviet Union was a state capitalist country , with the state replacing the individual capitalists ( an additional argument in favour of that was the continued existence of capitalist relations , as manifested e.g. in the New Economic Policy ) .
More nuanced versions of this general view are to be found in the works of other Western historians , such as Robert Service , who notes that " institutionally and ideologically , Lenin laid the foundations for a Stalin ... but the passage from Leninism to the worse terrors of Stalinism was not smooth and inevitable . "
Large igneous provinces Large igneous provinces ( LIP ) such as Iceland , the Siberian Traps , Deccan Traps , and the Ontong Java Plateau are extensive regions of basalt s on a continental scale resulting from flood basalt eruptions .
Paige was released from the reform school in December 1923 , six months early .
Paige went 10 – 4 , allowing 3.19 runs per game and striking out 92 in 132 innings .
In 1934 it was open , for the first time , to black players .
On November 5 , Paige pitched a shut out against rival Santurce , which featured player-manager Josh Gibson , by a lopsided score of 23 to 0 .
As a batter , he hit a double to lead off the bottom of the third , then was lifted for a pitch runner to " thunderous applause . "
The Monarchs ' string of four straight pennants ended , as the Negro American League title was captured by the Birmingham Black Barons in 1943 and 1944 and by the Cleveland Buckeyes in 1945 .
Interestingly , Peninsula used their backup catcher that day , rather than play their regular starter , a young Johnny Bench .
The only actors that are not listed are ones that appeared in the Spider-Man film series and no other Raimi film .
Following World War I , a group known as the Seventh Day Adventist Reform Movement was formed as a result of the actions of L. R. Conradi and certain Europe an church leaders during the war , who decided that it was acceptable for Adventists to take part in war .
Crisis , persecution , and compromise in the Soviet Union produced the group known as True and Free Seventh-day Adventists .
DeFreeze and Soltysik became lovers and began to outline the plans for founding the " Symbionese Nation . "
Prosecutors alleged that a pipe bomb had been found in Kilgore 's apartment in 1975 and that he had obtained a passport under a false name .
A " killer effector molecule " has been identified that may play a role in the activation of cytotoxic lymphocytes .
There are no randomized trials of corticosteroids for SJS , and it can be managed successfully without them .
Gasoline engines can run at stoichiometric air-to-fuel ratio , because gasoline is quite volatile and is mixed ( sprayed or carburetted ) with the air prior to ignition .
Diesel engines , in contrast , run lean , with more air available than simple stoichiometry would require .
Mexico Crimes of calumny , defamation and slanderous allegation ( injurias ) have been abolished in the Federal Penal Code as well as in 15 states .
In Roman Catholic theology there are seen to be two sins , that of lying and that of impinging on a person 's right to a reputation .
Oswald seems to have been on good terms with the West Saxons : he stood as sponsor to the baptism of their king , Cynegils , and married Cynegils ' daughter .
After a brief return in New York , he returned to Italy , then in 1970 moved to Paris , where he lived until the last two years of his life .
SIP-I and SIP-T are two protocols with similar features , notably to allow ISUP messages to be transported over SIP networks .
Some possess two - or three-story homes built out of brick and concrete which they have inhabited for years .
In Colombia they are called invasiones ( as in " invading a property " , as squatting can be related to a building or an empty lot ) , in Venezuela they are also known as invasiones , in Argentina the term used is villa miseria , in Chile they are called Tomas , and in Uruguay , cantegriles .
There are eight types of secondary structure that DSSP defines : Amino acid residues which are not in any of the above conformations are assigned as the eighth type ' Coil ' : often codified as ' ' ( space ) , C ( coil ) or ' - ' ( dash ) .
The inaugural WBC in 2006 followed the IBAF mercy rule , with an additional rule stopping a game after five innings when a team is ahead by at least 15 runs .
In most states , once the point differential is reduced to below the mercy rule-invoking amount , normal timing procedures resume until either the end of the game or the mercy rule-invoking point differential is re-established .
Milligan was appointed Lance Bombardier and was about to be promoted to Bombardier when he was wounded in action in the Italian theatre at the Battle of Monte Cassino .
He was also the primary author of most of the scripts , although he co-wrote many scripts with various collaborators , most notably Larry Stephens and Eric Sykes .
For the first few years the shows were recorded live , direct to 16-inch transcription disc , which required the cast to adhere closely to the script , but by Series 4 the BBC had adopted the use of magnetic tape .
This reportedly distracted him from writing so much that he accepted an invitation from Eric Sykes to share his small office leading to the creation of the co-operative agency .
In 1982 , she won a Pulitzer Prize posthumously , for The Collected Poems .
The NIR designation comes from the name of the Nautchno-Issledovatelskiy Institut Radio ( NIIR , rus .
More recent furnaces have been designed based upon bath smelting , top jetting lance smelting , flash smelting and blast furnaces .
The area Schiphol-Rijk includes the head offices of Arkefly and Amsterdam Airlines .
The film will be called Midnight 's Children .
We can therefore write the magnetic energy stored in such a cylindrical coil as shown below .
This energy is a function of coil dimensions , number of turns and carrying current .
Default permit - " Everything , not explicitly forbidden , is permitted " Core practices Sub-fields Methodologies Technological advances , principally in the field of computer s , have now allowed the creation of far more complex systems , with new and complex security problems .
The refractive index of air is approximately 1.0003 .
The expansion of trade among West Asia , India and Southeast Asia helped the spread of the religion as Muslim traders brought Islam to the region .
Climate The climate in Southeast Asia is mainly tropical – hot and humid all year round with plentiful rainfall ( Northern Vietnam is the only major region in Southeast Asia that features a subtropical climate , which has cold winter ) .
The hornbill was prized for its beak and used in trade with China .
Before the advent of the pocket calculator , it was the most commonly used calculation tool in science and engineering .
Alice could send bits to Bob in the following way : However , some authors have pointed out that at least some of the no-communication arguments are tautological , having the limitation on superluminal communication built into the starting assumptions .
Although Shah Jahan fully recovered from his illness , Aurangzeb declared him incompetent to rule and put him under house arrest in Agra Fort .
jpg | Silver Rupee , Square Area Type , Bhakkar Mint , AH 1044 File : Shah Jahan 08 .
The committee 's goal was to have professors work closely with talented graduate students on a multi-disciplinary approach to learning .
In a 1982 profile , Bellow 's neighborhood was described as a high-crime area in the city 's center , and Bellow maintained he had to live in such a place as a writer and " stick to his guns . "
His many friends included the journalist Sydney J. Harris and the poet John Berryman .
The distance is purely spatial , and is always positive .
This is Galilean – Newtonian relativity , and the coordinate systems are related by Galilean transformation s. However , since these preserve spatial and temporal distances independently , such a spacetime can be decomposed into spatial coordinates plus temporal coordinates , which is not possible in the general case .
FutureSince Micropolis is licensed under the GPL , users can do anything they want with it that conforms with the GPL the only restriction is that they can not call it " SimCity " ( along with a few other limitations to protect EA 's trademarks ) .
is a tile-matching puzzle video game originally released under the name Chain Shot !
in 1985 by Kuniaki Moribe ( Morisuke ) .
It originated circa 1990 at the International Computer Science Institute ( ICSI ) at the University of California , Berkeley , developed by an international team led by Steve Omohundro .
Serotonin is produced by pathogenic amoebae , and its effect on the gut causes diarrhea .
Effects of food contentIn humans , serotonin levels are affected by diet .
Biography Early life Lawrence Alma-Tadema was born as Laurens Alma Tadema on 8 January 1836 , in the small village of Dronrijp , in Friesland in the north of the Netherlands .
Surrealist works feature the element of surprise , unexpected juxtaposition s and non sequitur ; however , many Surrealist artists and writers regard their work as an expression of the philosophical movement first and foremost , with the works being an artefact .
To the dismay of many , Documents fizzled out in 1931 , just as Surrealism seemed to be gathering more steam .
A force is either a push or a pull .
Work Saki 's work contrasts the effete conventions and hypocrisies of Edwardian England with the ruthless but straightforward life-and-death struggles of nature .
The story is a perfect example of Saki 's delight in setting societal convention against uncompromising nature .
On the episode " Swiss Diplomacy " of the NBC Drama The West Wing , first lady ( and cardiac surgeon ) Dr. Abby Bartlet commented on the duty of a physician to treat an injured patient despite potential legal repercussions .
Two improved types were tested in the Thames between 1620 and 1624 .
Interest in attack submarines began at least by May 1861 , when French engineer Brutus de Villeroi tested an early submarine design in Philadelphia harbor in what may have been an effort to attract the Navy 's attention .
The long craft was designed for a crew of two , performed dives of and remained underwater for two hours .
It was sold to the Russians , but proved unstable , ran aground , and was scrapped .
This was solved either by a compromise shape , or by using two hulls ; internal for holding pressure , and external for optimal shape .
To communicate with other submarines , a system known as Gertrude is used .
Life support systems With nuclear power , submarines can remain submerged for months at a time .
Youth poetry slam movement Slam poetry has found popularity as a form of self-expression among many teenagers .
The earliest sestina of this period is Algernon Charles Swinburne 's " Sestina " .
The knight ’s code of honour requires him to do whatever a damsel asks .
Games at this time were seen as tests of worthiness , as when the Green Knight challenges the court 's right to its good name in a " Christmas game " .
Notable translators include Jessie Weston , whose 1898 prose translation and 1907 poetic translation took many liberties with the original ; Theodore Banks , whose 1929 translation was praised for its adaptation of the language to modern usage ; and Marie Borroff , whose imitative translation was first published in 1967 and " entered the academic canon " in 1968 , in the second edition of the Norton Anthology of English Literature .
After a distinguish scientific career at the PAEC , he formed a right-wing organization , UTN , to promote reconstruction and political development in Afghanistan in 1999 .
In the discussion of the sources of religion , Sunnah denotes the practices of Prophet Muhammad that he taught and practically instituted as a teacher of the sharī ‘ ah and the best exemplar .
Although " safe sex " is used by individuals to refer to protection against both pregnancy and HIV/AIDS or other STI transmissions , the term was primarily derived in response to the HIV/AIDS epidemic .
He is described as an omniscient yogi , who lives an ascetic life on Mount Kailash , as well as a householder with a wife Parvati and two sons , Ganesha and Kartikeya .
Destroyer versus benefactor In the Yajurveda , two contrary sets of attributes for both malignant or terrific ( Sanskrit : ) and benign or auspicious ( Sanskrit : ) forms can be found , leading Chakravarti to conclude that " all the basic elements which created the complex Rudra-Śiva sect of later ages are to be found here " .
The name ( Sanskrit : ) , " causing happiness " , also reflects this benign aspect .
It was referred to as " the great imitator " by Sir William Osler due to its varied presentations .
It is toxic in high concentrations and causes damage during stroke , but is the cause of many other functions like relaxation of blood vessels , apoptosis and erection s. Redox signaling In addition to nitric oxide , other electronically activated species are also signal-transducing agents in a process called redox signaling .
Since C [ a , b ] is Hausdorff and separable it follows that C [ a , b ] has cardinality equal to 2ℵ0 — the same cardinality as the cardinality of the reals .
This seamount was named Surtla , but never reached sea level .
An idea of what it will look like in the future is given by the other small islands in the Vestmannaeyjar archipelago , which formed in the same way as Surtsey several thousand years ago , and have eroded away substantially since they were formed .
Construction began in 1957 .
Similar objects have been found throughout northern Scotland .
" Sinners in the Hands of an Angry God " is a sermon written by American Christian theologian Jonathan Edwards , preached to his own congregation in Northampton to unknown effect , and again on July 8 , 1741 in Enfield , Connecticut .
Like Edwards ' other works , it combines vivid imagery of Hell with observations of the world and citations of scripture .
The later 18th century saw somewhat greater success , owing to the efforts of the SSPCK missionaries and to the disruption of traditional society after the Battle of Culloden in 1746 .
jpg | The Glenfinnan Viaduct from below .
SOE 's envoy to Albania , Brigadier Edmund " Trotsky " Davies , was captured by the Germans early in 1944 .
Bernstein continues : " Curme 's contention that the split infinitive is often an improvement . . . can not be disputed . "
To strike from the record is for a judge to forbid a decision maker ( such as a juror ) to consider a particular piece of testimony or other evidence when deciding the case even though he or she has already learned what that evidence or testimony concerned .
However , in 2010 , the Tokyo Metropolitan Government passed a bill to restrict harmful content .
Segment 2 consists of the basal plate with the pectines .
A pair of SF novels by Gene DeWeese and Robert " Buck " Coulson , Now You See It/Him/Them and Charles Fort Never Mentioned Wombats are set at Worldcons ; the latter includes an in-character " introduction " by Wilson Tucker ( himself a character in the novel ) which is a sly self-parody verging on a self-tuckerization .
p The " class " OB In lists of spectra , the " spectrum OB " may occur .
The radioactive decay of nickel -56 through cobalt -56 to iron -56 produced high-energy photon s which dominated the energy output of the ejecta at intermediate ( several weeks ) to late times ( several months ) .
Sometimes connecting roads prorate on oil — that is , make through rates which are lower than the combination of local rates ; sometimes they refuse to prorate ; but in either case the result of their policy is to favor the Standard Oil Company .
These repair methods are used on piano soundboards , wood instruments , and wood furniture .
Each shogunate reflected the necessity of new ways of balancing the changing requirements of central and regional authorities .
Ranulf of Chester revolted once again in the summer of 1144 , splitting up Stephen 's Honour of Lancaster between himself and Prince Henry .
Timeline ( s ) With the retelling of Arrivederci Yamato as the open-ended Yamato II television series ( ending in late 2201 ) , Arrivederci Yamato was redesignated as a discardable , alternate timeline .
See also References External links
In cross section , the cross beds are planar with foresets alternating between east and west .
Silesian Voivodeship , or Silesia Province ( in Polish , województwo śląskie ) , is a voivodeship , or province , in southern Poland , centering on the historic region known as Upper Silesia ( Górny Śląsk ) , with the capital in Katowice .
Contrary to the name , however , eastern half of Silesian Voivodeship is not historical Silesia , but Lesser Poland .
With the fall of communism and Poland joining the European Union , there were enough of these remaining in Upper Silesia to allow for the recognition of the German minority in Poland by the Polish government .
In Sanskrit , síndhu means " river , stream " , and refers to the Indus river in particular .
This indigenous civilization collapsed around 1700 BC .
Finally the decision was reversed by the British administration and Sindh became a separate province in 1935 .
After the ensuing kickoff , New England lost 13 yards in 3 plays and had to punt again , but got the ball back with great field position when defensive back Raymond Clayborn recovered a fumble from Suhey at their own 46-yard line .
Salutes are primarily associated with armed forces , but other organizations and civil people also use salutes .
The salute is given to acknowledge the Queen 's commission .
The underlying concept is that their head height may never be equal to that of their superior .
Another weakness of reliance on palaeomagnetic data is the difficulty in determining whether the magnetic signal recorded is original , or whether it has been reset by later activity .
Proponents of the hypothesis argue that the reappearance of BIF in the sedimentary record is a result of limited oxygen levels in an ocean sealed by sea ice , while opponents suggest that the rarity of the BIF deposits may indicate that they formed in inland seas .
Regardless of the trigger , initial cooling results in an increase in the area of the Earth 's surface covered by ice and snow , and the additional ice and snow reflects more solar energy back to space , further cooling the Earth and further increasing the area of the Earth 's surface covered by ice and snow .
Implications A snowball Earth has profound implications in the history of life on Earth .
Genetic drift is often proposed to play a significant role in peripatric speciation .
In 1856 Ralph Waldo Emerson published a book of essays entitled " English Traits . "
During the reign of King John I ( 1357 – 1433 ) Saint George became the patron saint of Portugal and the King ordered that the saint 's image on the horse be carried in the Corpus Christi procession .
Why he should be called green , however , I can not tell — unless it is from the colour of his horse .
The Severan dynasty was a Roman imperial dynasty , which ruled the Roman Empire between 193 and 235 .
His most significant early decision was to make peace with the Parthians , but many thought that the terms were degrading to the Romans .
Reception Sega wanted to showcase the power of the Mega-CD ; however , with the actual capacity of Mega Drive cartridges being small ( hundreds of Mega Drive cartridges could fit on one CD ) , there were not many companies ready to adapt to the larger capacity of the storage medium , especially when they were hindered by the game systems ' limitations .
Except when a game disc is in the drive , if no button is pressed at the Mega-CD title screen , the animation and music will loop indefinitely .
See also References External links
In even simpler terms , one can consider that points can be thought of as the boundaries of curves , that is as 0-dimensional boundaries of 1-dimensional manifolds .
A smooth singular k-simplex of M is a smooth map from the standard simplex in Rk to M. The free abelian group , Sk , generated by singular k-simplices is said to consist of singular k - chains of M. These groups , together with boundary map , ∂ , define a chain complex .
Since then , the name Steenbeck has become widely known in the film editing community and more than 25,000 machines are in operation around the world .
The American legal scholar Steven M. Wise argues that speciesism is a bias as arbitrary as any other , a point conceded even by some critics of animal rights .
Concerning the early Polish tribes , geography contributed to long-standing traditions .
Those privileges became the basis of the Golden Liberty in the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth .
Other references In many versions of the Bible , Isaiah 13:21 and 34:14 , the English word " satyr " is used to represent the Hebrew se'irim , " hairy ones , " from " sa'ir " or " goat " .
The exact diving depth of this class of boats is classified ; most reputable sources vary from 1,600 – 2,000 feet as a likely test depth , and from 2,400 – 3,200 feet for collapse depth .
Formerly , U.S. President s Harry S. Truman , Dwight D. Eisenhower and Richard Nixon were " honorary " presidents or directors of Moon 's Korean Culture and Freedom Foundation , and former United States Secretary of the Treasury Robert B. Anderson was Moon 's consultant .
In Western Australia , the law enables Electric Personal Transporters ( EPT ) ( Segways ) to be used as part of a supervised commercial tour , being run by an operator that holds the appropriate approvals .
This means that the number of defect s in a software product can be very large and defects that occur infrequently are difficult to find in testing .
Load testing is primarily concerned with testing that the system can continue to operate under a specific load , whether that be large quantities of data or a large number of users .
SRP takes place only at the Puget Sound Naval Shipyard ( PSNS ) in Bremerton , Washington , but the preparations can begin elsewhere .
Missile compartments are dismantled according to the provisions of the Strategic Arms Reductions Treaty .
See the individual articles for details .
Modern scholarly attention to the tales is mainly concerned with their role as folklore .
The monks were jailed after publicly being flogged and paraded through the street as people threw rubbish at them .
The following day , November 9 , a council , headed by archbishop Trolle , sentenced the proscribed to death for being heretics ; the main point of accusation was their having united in a pact to depose Trolle a few years earlier .
Electronic Order of Battle Generating an Electronic order of battle ( EOB ) requires identifying SIGINT emitters in an area of interest , determining their geographic location or range of mobility , characterizing their signals , and , where possible , determining their role in the broader organizational order of battle .
It has applications in publishing , blogging , and many other areas .
The database currently supports gene expression or protein expression data and sequence centric data and is steadily expanding to support other biological data types .
Over the years this remark has been regarded as the origin of the nickname " No-Name Defense " .
The farthest advance Miami had in the third quarter was to its own 42-yard line as Griese and the offense were , said Shula , " destroyed . "
Kiick contributed 521 yards and five touchdowns , and also caught 21 passes for 147 yards and another touchdown .
Washington was led by 33-year old quarterback Billy Kilmer , who completed 120 out of 225 passes for 1,648 yards and a league leading 19 touchdowns during the regular season , with only 11 interceptions , giving him an NFL best 84.8 passer rating .
Early in the fourth quarter , Washington threatened to score by mounting its most impressive drive of the game , driving 79 yards from its own 11 to Miami 's 10-yard line in twelve plays .
They said the locker room was cramped , uncarpeted , had no lockers , and that most of the shower heads did n't work .
The Vikings did not cross their own 23-yard line .
However , Reed lost the ball while being tackled by linebacker Nick Buoniconti , and Scott recovered the fumble .
Box score Super Bowl postgame news and notes In the Dolphins ' locker room after the game , Csonka was asked about his battered face .
The Steelers defeated the Cowboys by the score of 21 – 17 to win their second consecutive Super Bowl .
As Hoopes stepped up to make the kick , Steelers running back Reggie Harrison broke through the line and blocked the punt .
Morton was relegated to backup status until he left the team in 1974 to join the New York Giants .
Meanwhile , the Broncos earned their first ever trip to the Super Bowl in team history by defeating the two previous league champions : the Pittsburgh Steelers , 34-21 , and the Oakland Raiders , 20-17 , in the playoffs .
Super Bowl XIII was an American football game between the American Football Conference ( AFC ) champion Pittsburgh Steelers and the National Football Conference ( NFC ) champion Dallas Cowboys to decide the National Football League ( NFL ) champion for the 1978 season .
The Steelers defeated the Cowboys by the score of 35 – 31 .
On the ensuing kickoff , video shows that Gerela slipped when trying to plant his foot , causing him to squib the ball , which bounced to Cowboy lineman Randy White at the 24-yard line .
Joe Montana became the third to start four Super Bowls , but all were passed by John Elway and Tom Brady .
Kicker Mark Moseley led the NFL in scoring with 161 points , while Riggins ranked second with 144 , making them the first teammates to finish a season as the NFL 's top two scorers since 1951 .
On their ensuing drive , Washington was forced to punt , but Los Angeles punt returner Ted Watts muffed the catch and Washington safety Greg Williams recovered the ball at the Raiders 42-yard line .
They moved the ball nine yards in their next three plays , and then faced fourth down and one .
He eventually signed with the Raiders , who were forced to give the Patriots draft picks in compensation .
After several minutes Markbreit announced the ruling on the field was confirmed .
First , they won at Soldier Field against the Chicago Bears , 21 – 17 .
Elway had won the NFL Most Valuable Player Award and was selected to start for the AFC in the Pro Bowl , while Williams had played just five regular season games in the 1987 season .
A lot of Bengals fans would have been happy to see them both leave the team , but they worked out their differences in the off-season and Esiason ended up having the best season of his career en route to Super Bowl XXIII .
At the onset of the halftime show , primary sponsor Diet Coke aired the first commercial in 3-D ( Coca-Cola had originally planned to use the 3-D Diet Coke commercial as part of the 1987-1988 , aired in 3-D season finale of Moonlighting , but withdrew plans due to the 1988 Writers Guild of America Strike ) .
Originally , the selection was to be voted on during the May 23 – 25 , 1984 meetings .
In advancing to their second Super Bowl , the Giants also posted a 13-3 regular season record , but with a ball-control offense and a defense that allowed a league low 211 points .
Simms ' replacement , Jeff Hostetler , had started only two games in his seven years as a backup with the Giants .
In that drive , New York ran five rushing plays and five passing plays .
Irvin also became the second player , after Washington Redskins wide receiver Ricky Sanders in Super Bowl XXII , to catch two touchdowns in a single quarter . Furthermore , Irvin 's two catches occurred in a span of 18 seconds , the fastest pair of touchdowns ever scored by a single player in Super Bowl history ) .
The ball then rolled out of bounds for a touchback .
The Georgia Dome was under construction at the time of the vote .
Both had different ideas on the future personnel plans for the Cowboys and both wanted equal credit for the team 's recent success ( eventually , Johnson would leave the team after the season ) .
( The other being Larry Csonka who did it in Super Bowls VII and VIII .
During that Super Bowl , Visser became the first woman assigned to a Super Bowl sideline .
The Chargers responded on their ensuing possession , marching 78 yards in 13 plays and taking more than 7 minutes off the clock .
The show featured a number of her songs along with pyrotechnics , special effects and stadium card stunts .
O'Donnell hit Hastings on two consecutive passes for 23 total yards .
After New England was forced to punt , cornerback Otis Smith recovered a fumble from Jaguars running back James Stewart and returned it 47 yards for a touchdown to put the game away .
I 'm not saying it was disrespectful to me , but it was in terms of the overall commitment to the team . "
The game was rematched on October 27 , 1997 , as a near-national telecast on ABC 's Monday Night Football , the only time ABC aired a rematch of the previous season 's Super Bowl .
Then after a 1-yard run by Meggett on the next play , Bledsoe completed a 7-yard pass to receiver Vincent Brisby to bring up 3rd down and 2 yards to go from the Packers 42-yard line .
By 1996 , the Broncos had the league 's best offense , gaining 5,791 yards of total offense , and recorded the AFC 's best regular season record at 13-3 , but they were upset by the second-year Jacksonville Jaguars , 30-27 , in the playoffs .
Favre led the league with 35 passing touchdowns and completed 304 out of 513 attempts for 3,867 yards , with 16 interceptions , while ranking second on the team in rushing with 187 yards and a touchdown .
On the ensuing kickoff , Ron Dixon returned the ball 97 yards for the Giants ' first and only score of the game .
There were calls for Cyril 's canonization by the crowds lining the Roman streets during his funeral procession .
Christopher Frayling , in his noted book on the Italian Western , describes American critical reception of the spaghetti Western cycle as , to " a large extent , confined to a sterile debate about the ' cultural roots ' of the American/Hollywood Western . "
It was directed by Vincenzo Leone , father of Sergio Leone , and starred his mother Bice Walerian in the title role as Indian princess fatale .
If it is necessary to define a unique set of spherical coordinates for each point , one may restrict their ranges .
This is not intended to be a complete list of those references .
13 sheets of paper ) thick , lifted with balloons .
The base station anchors the whole system to the surface of the Earth .
In the CIA , Simmons was recruited by Director Jason Wynn into a special top-secret covert ops division known as the U.S. Security Group , an elite task force with jurisdiction in all domestic and foreign situations .
Resurrection Malebolgia returns Simmons to the world , but with little memory , a badly burned and disfigured body , and his newly acquired hellspawn powers .
Cogliostro had a prominent role in the live-action movie in 1997 .
In 2000 the university changed its mascot to the Redhawks .
History Early years Greg Macainsh and Imants " Freddie " Strauks both attended Norwood High School in the Melbourne suburb of Ringwood and formed Spare Parts in 1966 with Macainsh on bass guitar and Strauks on lead vocal s. Spare Parts was followed by Sound Pump in 1968 , Macainsh formed Reuben Tice in Eltham , with Tony Williams on vocals .
In geometrical terms , the square root function maps the area of a square to its side length .
A method for finding very good approximations to the square roots of 2 and 3 are given in the Baudhayana Sulba Sutra .
The Kaiser Wilhelm der Grosse ( Ger .
orth .
Occasionally , the Seven Network may broadcast Swans games , mainly on Sunday afternoons , live .
See also Dual-covenant theology .
Another method is the use of special software such as CloneCD to scan for the use of a commercial copy protection application .
NET platform where one might consider manipulating CIL to achieve one 's needs .
Version 1.2 became a W3C recommendation on June 24 , 2003 .
At one minute , the drug attains a peak concentration of about 60 % of the total dose in the brain .
Since it is redistributed to fat , certain lean breeds of dogs such as sight hounds , will have prolonged recoveries from sodium thiopental due to their lack of body fat and their lean body mass .
Among patient factors are : age , sex , lean body mass .
During this entire time stone remained in use in parallel with the metals for some objects , including those also used in the Neolithic , such as stone pottery .
The earliest comes from a rock shelter at Estrecho de Quípar in Spain , dated to greater than 0.9 mya .
Stone Age rituals and beliefs Modern studies and the in-depth analysis of finds dating from the Stone Age indicate certain ritual s and belief s of the people in those prehistoric times .
As a chess problemist , his composing style is distinguished by wit and humour .
The following are lists of stars .
These are astronomical objects that spend some portion of their existence generating energy through thermonuclear fusion .
Current physics states that an object within space-time can not exceed the speed of light , which seemingly limits any object to the millions of years it would at best take for a craft traveling near the speed of light to reach any remote galaxy .
The Sell Assessment of Sexual Orientation The Sell Assessment of Sexual Orientation ( SASO ) was developed to address the major concerns with the Kinsey Scale and Klein Sexual Orientation Grid and as such , measures sexual orientation on a continuum , considers various dimensions of sexual orientation , and considers homosexuality and heterosexuality separately .
The survey also found younger scientists to be " substantially more likely than their older counterparts to say they believe in God " .
However , in the study , scientists who had experienced limited exposure to religion tended to perceive conflict .
Sondheim told biographer Meryle Secrest , " I just wanted to study composition , theory , and harmony without the attendant musicology that comes in graduate school .
Merrily We Roll Along ( 1981 ) , with a book by George Furth , is one of Sondheim 's more " traditional " scores and was thought to hold potential to generate some hit songs ( Frank Sinatra and Carly Simon each recorded a different song from the show ) .
It was not a success , and the Broadway production closed after 29 previews and 17 performances .
Sondheim 's work is also featured in The Madwoman of Central Park West , including the songs " Pretty Women " and " Everybody Ought to Have a Maid " .
During the concert , greetings were read .
Consequently , many self-determination movements , which spurned some type of anti-communist government , were accused of being Soviet-inspired or controlled .
In an issue of Macquarie University Law Journal Associate Professor Aleksandar Pavkovic and Senior Lecturer Peter Radan outlined current legal and political issues in self-determination .
Dirac and Weyl spinors are complex representations while Majorana spinors are real representations .
For example , loss of engine thrust in flight is dangerous .
Overview Some highlights of the conference are its Animation Theater and Electronic Theater presentations , where recently created CG films are played .
SIGGRAPH has several awards programs to recognize outstanding contributions to computer graphics .
They note that when Lehi founder Avraham Stern went to study in fascist Italy , he refused to join the " Gruppo Universitario Fascista " for foreign students , even though members got large reductions in tuition .
Backward compatibility IBM 's existing customers had a large investment in software that executed on second generation machines .
Channels Peripherals interfaced to the system via channels .
Peter said he also never received any of her letters .
Gage 's 1863 recollection of the convention conflicts with her own report directly after the convention : Gage wrote in 1851 that Akron in general and the press in particular were largely friendly to the woman 's rights convention , but in 1863 she wrote that the convention leaders were fearful of the " mobbish " opponents .
This belt must be replaced at 105,000 miles ( 168,000 km ) .
Since early in progressive rock 's history , the term has been used to distinguish more classically influenced progressive rock from the more psychedelic and experimental forms of progressive rock .
” In January 1984 , these UCLA ’s performed their most famous , or infamous , operation , the last straw that led to the ratifying of the Boland Amendment , the mining of several Nicaraguan harbors : “ The mines sank several Nicaraguan boats , damaged at least five foreign vessels , and brought an avalanche of international condemnation down on the United States .
Policies and programs Foreign policy Cuban assistance Beginning in 1967 , the Cuba n General Intelligence Directorate , or DGI , had begun to establish ties with various Nicaraguan revolutionary organizations .
Cuba also attempted to help Nicaragua build the first overland route linking Nicaragua 's Atlantic and Pacific coasts .
In its eleven years in power , the Sandinista government never overcame most of the economic inequalities that it inherited from the Somoza era .
The Sandinistas sent Soviet helicopter gunships and elite army units to attack the Miskito Indians ; carried out mass arrests , jailings and torture ; burned down 65 Indian communities ; inflicted ethnic cleansing on 70,000 Indians ; and tried to starve the Indians by cutting off food supplies .
The 2010 video game Metal Gear Solid : Peace Walker includes a group of FSLN Revolutionaries forced into Costa Rica as an important group of supporting characters , including Amanda .
Although numerous technical , political , and financial problems had been overcome , the final cost was more than double the original estimate .
Nasser used the obscurity of the first hours of the conflict to convince King Hussein that he was victorious ; he claimed as evidence a radar sighting of a squadron of Israeli aircraft returning from bombing raids in Egypt which he said was an Egyptian aircraft en route to attacking Israel .
After receiving reinforcements , they moved up to attack Ammunition hill .
A parallel theory of progressive social evolution has been advanced by followers of Herbert Spencer ( 1820 – 1903 ) .
The sons of Shem were : See also References External links
Sambuca ( ) is an Italian anise - flavoured , usually colourless , liqueur .
Its most common variety is often referred to as white sambuca to differentiate it from other varieties that are deep blue in colour ( black sambuca ) or bright red ( red sambuca ) .
The University Lectures are supported by the University Trustees , alumni , and friends .
The school 's independent student newspaper is The Daily Orange , founded in 1903 and independent since 1971 .
Dramatist Professor Ediriweera Sarachchandra revitalized the drama form with Maname in 1956 .
The early arrivals to come to New Zealand from what was then British Ceylon were a few prospectors attracted to the gold rushes .
Starting in 1937 , he set into motion a series of systematic plans to establish Bahá ' í communities in every country of the world .
Similar skull structure , reduced or absent limbs , and other anatomical features found in both mosasaurs and snakes lead to a positive cladistical correlation , although some of these features are shared with varanids .
Distribution There are over 2,900 species of snakes ranging as far northward as the Arctic Circle in Scandinavia and southward through Australia .
At the other end of the scale , the smallest extant snake is Leptotyphlops carlae , with a length of about .
In Asian countries such as China , Taiwan , Thailand , Indonesia , Vietnam and Cambodia , drinking the blood of snakes — particularly the cobra — is believed to increase sexual virility .
Because the turbine generates rotary motion , it is particularly suited to be used to drive an electrical generator – about 90 % of all electricity generation in the United States ( 1996 ) is by use of steam turbines .
Or , \ , = enthalpy drop over the fixed blades , \ , + enthalpy drop over the moving blades , \ , .
According to Stephen L. Dyson and Robert J. Rowland , " The Jesuits of Cagliari recorded years during the late 16th century " of such hunger and so sterile that the majority of the people could sustain life only with wild ferns and other weeds " ... During the terrible famine of 1680 , some 80,000 people , out of a total population of 250,000 , are said to have died , and entire villages were devastated ... " In 1708 , as a consequence of the Spanish War of Succession , the rule of the Kingdom of Sardinia passed into the hands of the Austrians who occupied the island .
Sardinia has two Universities : the University of Sassari and the University of Cagliari , founded between 16th and 17th century ; 48,979 students were enrolled at universities in 2007-08 .
Kay Lahusen , who photographed the marches in 1965 , stated , " Up to 1969 , this movement was generally called the homosexual or homophile movement .... Many new activists consider the Stonewall uprising the birth of the gay liberation movement .
The tenth Guru ended the line of personal Gurūs and transferred his authority to the dual agency of the Sikh scripture Srī Gurū Graṅth Sāhib and to the Guru Khalsa ( also Panth ) .
Solar sails ( also called light sails or photon sails ) are a form of spacecraft propulsion using the radiation pressure ( also called solar pressure ) of a combination of light and high speed ejected gasses from a star to push large ultra-thin mirrors to high speeds .
Light sails could also be driven by energy beams to extend their range of operations , which is strictly beam sailing rather than solar sailing .
James Clerk Maxwell , in 1861-64 , published his theory of electromagnetic fields and radiation , which shows that light has momentum and thus can exert pressure on objects .
An actual sail will have an overall efficiency of about 90 % , about 8.22 μN / m2 , due to curvature ( billow ) , wrinkles , absorbance , re-radiation from front and back , non-specular effects , and other factors .
Most designs steer with small sails on the ends of the spars .
Thus , in the near/medium term , solar sail propulsion is aimed chiefly at accomplishing a very high number of non-crewed missions in any part of the solar system and beyond .
Modalists differentiate themselves from Unitarians by affirming Christ 's Deity .
In 1842 , the Sikh Confederacy , which at the time ruled over much of Northern India ( including the frontier regions of Jammu and Kashmir ) , signed a treaty which guaranteed the integrity of its existing borders with its neighbours .
Indeed , at first the PLA simply withdrew , but eventually Chinese forces began to counter-encircle the Indian positions which clearly encroached into the north of McMahon Line .
The public saw the war as political and military debacle .
This is formalized by studying the Ext functor and describing the module category in various ways including quivers ( whose nodes are the simple modules and whose edges are composition series of non-semisimple modules of length 2 ) and Auslander – Reiten theory where the associated graph has a vertex for every indecomposable module .
By the outbreak of World War II , the Royal Navy had five sets for different surface ship classes , and others for submarines , incorporated into a complete anti-submarine attack system .
For example , U.S. vessels usually operate 60 Hz alternating current power systems .
Modern versions of the net sounder , using multiple element transducers , function more like a sonar than an echo sounder and show slices of the area in front of the net and not merely the vertical view that the initial net sounders used .
Thousands of photographs of Earth were taken , and records for human time spent in orbit were extended .
The overall goal of Horizon was to place a human on the Moon , a mission that would soon be taken over by the rapidly forming NASA .
See also References Further reading External links NASA 3rd Party
Bullock also starred in Premonition with Julian McMahon , which was released in March 2007 .
Many active sabotage attempts were against critical rail lines of transportation .
The Badakshan Province was for centuries the main source for red and pink spinels .
Back-End or deferred speech recognition is where the provider dictates into a digital dictation system , the voice is routed through a speech-recognition machine and the recognized draft document is routed along with the original voice file to the editor , where the draft is edited and report finalised .
Sapphire and rubies are often found together in the same area , but one of the gems is usually more abundant in any of the sites .
One type of xenon arc lamp ( originally called the " Cermax " its first brand name ) , which is now known generically as the " ceramic body xenon lamp " , uses sapphire crystal output windows that tolerate higher thermal loads – and thus higher output powers when compared with conventional Xe lamps with pure silica window .
Articulation In the articulation of the stop , three phases can be distinguished : In many languages , such as Malay and Vietnamese , word-final stops lack a release burst , even when followed by a vowel , or have a nasal release .
In 1977 , Woolsey wrote that Puppet Stayman has several advantages over standard Stayman : Responder 's rebids As in standard Stayman , Puppet Stayman begins with a 2 response to a 1NT opening and is at least game invitational ; this asks opener to bid a 5-card major if he has one and otherwise to bid 2 .
The term ' supertall ' has been coined .
Tube-frame construction was first used in the DeWitt-Chestnut Apartment Building , completed in Chicago in 1963 .
One of the most famous buildings of the structural expressionist style , the skyscraper 's distinctive X-bracing exterior is actually a hint that the structure 's skin is indeed part of its ' tubular system ' .
Building materials must also be lifted to the top of a skyscraper during construction , requiring more energy than would be necessary at lower heights .
Staind ( ) is an American rock band that was formed in 1995 in Springfield , Massachusetts .
For 17 years , the band consisted of lead vocalist and rhythm guitarist Aaron Lewis , lead guitarist Mike Mushok , bassist Johnny April , and drummer Jon Wysocki ( who left in May 2011 ) .
The fourteen-track collection was the band 's most mainstream yet , and showed Aaron Lewis writing songs about his daughter , as well as moving on with his life and forgetting his past , hence the title representing uncertainty for the future and forgiveness .
Other live shows included a cover of Pantera 's " This Love " , a tribute to Dimebag Darrell .
Staind appeared on The Howard Stern Show on August 10 , 2005 , to promote Chapter V. They performed acoustic renditions of the single " Right Here " and Beetlejuice 's song " This is Beetle " .
Iraqi co-operation with UN weapons inspection teams was intermittent throughout the 1990s .
Sonja Henie ( April 8 , 1912 – October 12 , 1969 ) was a Norwegian figure skater and film star .
She was a three-time Olympic Champion ( 1928 , 1932 , 1936 ) in Ladies Singles , a ten-time World Champion ( 1927 – 1936 ) and a six-time European Champion ( 1931 – 1936 ) .
Secondary education is the stage of education following primary education .
Except in countries where only primary or basic education is compulsory , secondary education includes the final stage of compulsory education , and in many countries it is entirely compulsory .
The proposed changes will take effect in 2009 .
The patient 's history also plays an important role in diagnosis , investigations should include inquries about the use of prescription and over-the-counter drugs , illicit substances , and dietary supplement s , as all these agents have been implicated in the development of serotonin syndrome .
Sustainable development refers to a mode of human development in which resource use aims to meet human needs while ensuring the sustainability of natural systems and the environment , so that these needs can be met not only in the present , but also for generations to come .
The term ' sustainable development ' was used by the Brundtland Commission , which coined what has become the most often-quoted definition of sustainable development : " development that meets the needs of the present without compromising the ability of future generations to meet their own needs . "
Ruling out discrimination against future generations and allowing for the possibility of renewable alternatives to petro-chemicals and other non-renewable resources , efficient policies are compatible with increasing human welfare , eventually reaching a golden-rule steady state ( Ayong le Kama 2001 and Endress et al. .
This eco-efficiency is usually calculated as the economic value added by a firm in relation to its aggregated ecological impact .
They point towards eco-effectiveness , socio-effectiveness , sufficiency , and eco-equity as four criteria that need to be met if sustainable development is to be reached .
At the point where Spider-Man accuses Ka-Zar and Shanna for being Skrulls , the Captain America from the ship attacks who thinks the same thing for Spider-Man .
In 1971 , Schneider was second author on a Science paper with S. I. Rasool titled " Atmospheric Carbon Dioxide and Aerosols : Effects of Large Increases on Global Climate " ( Science 173 , 138 – 141 ) .
The majority of recent cases of alleged misconduct involving undisclosed conflicts of interest or failure of the authors to have seen scientific data involve collaborative research between scientists and biotechnology companies ( Nemeroff , Blumsohn ) .
In another case , Nature allowed a Corrigendum to be published despite clear evidence of image fraud .
The chemical philosophy Chemistry , and its antecedent alchemy , became an increasingly important aspect of scientific thought in the course of the 16th and 17th centuries .
In addition to studying Jewish texts , Agnon studied writings of the Haskalah , and was also tutored in German .
Ditko 's stay at DC was short — he would work on all six issues of the Creeper 's own title , Beware the Creeper ( June 1968 – April 1969 ) , though leaving midway through the final one — and the reasons for his departure uncertain .
It was built by Comita or Gomida , Judge of Torres , and contains the relics , discovered in 1614 , not only of Saint Gavinus , but also of his companions , Saints Protus and Januarius .
The game was played at the Louisiana Superdome in New Orleans , Louisiana , on February 3 , 2002 .
Afterwards , singer Mariah Carey , accompanied by the Boston Pops Orchestra , performed the national anthem .
Warner fumbled the ball while being tackled by linebacker Roman Phifer , which was recovered by defensive back Tebucky Jones who returned it 97 yards for a touchdown that would have increased the Patriots lead to 23 – 3 .
St. Louis punted after Warner 's third down pass was incomplete .
Patriots running back Antowain Smith was the top rusher of the game with 92 yards , and caught a pass for 4 yards .
UHF converter Before the All-Channel Receiver Act of 1962 required US television receiver s to be able to tune the entire VHF and UHF range ( which in North America was NTSC-M channels 2 through 83 on 54 to 890 MHz ) , a set-top box known as a UHF converter would be installed at the receiver to shift a portion of the UHF-TV spectrum onto low-VHF channels for viewing .
The Roku LT is around the size of a pack of cards and delivers Smart TV to conventional sets .
Sexuality In a sexual context , scatology refers to the romanticism of fecal matter , whether in passing admiration , the use of feces in various sexual acts , or simply the act of seeing it .
At 16:00 , Rommel launched his major attack .
By 01:30 on 28 October , the 4th battalion Royal Sussex Regiment judged they were on Woodcock and dug in .
Although X Corps had failed in its attempt to break out , it had succeeded in its objective of finding and destroying enemy tanks .
Navigational sextants This section discusses navigators ' sextants .
This occurs in fog , on moonless nights , in a calm , when sighting through a window or on land surrounded by trees or buildings .
Andræ 's system was used in 1856 to elect the Danish Rigsraad , and by 1866 it was also adapted for indirect elections to the second chamber , the Landsting , until 1915 .
The HSX is the first stellarator to use a quasi-symmetric magnetic field .
However , another reason could be thought of : that Stephen , as fiancé of a woman from the diocese of Passau , simply wanted to do honour to the then-major saint of Passau , Saint Stephen , after whom the Passau Cathedral is named up to today .
Quote – Excerpt from Saint Stephen 's admonitions to his son Emeric .
After his move to New York , Joplin met Lottie Stokes , whom he married in 1909 .
An " original Broadway cast " recording was produced .
History Ghamdi was from the al Bahah province of Saudi Arabia , and shared the same tribal affiliation with fellow hijackers Ahmed al-Ghamdi , Hamza al-Ghamdi , and Ahmed al-Haznawi , although he was not related to either Ghamdi .
Syncretism tends to facilitate coexistence and unity between otherwise different cultures and worldviews ( intercultural competence ) , a factor that has recommended it to rulers of multi-ethnic realm s. Conversely , the rejection of syncretism , usually in the name of " piety " and " orthodoxy " , may help to generate , bolster or authenticate a sense of uncompromised cultural unity in a well-defined minority or majority .
In spite of the Jewish halakhic prohibitions on polytheism , idolatry , and associated practices ( avodah zarah ) , several combinations of Judaism with other religions have sprung up : Jewish Buddhism , Nazarenism , Judeo-Paganism , Messianic Judaism , Jewish Mormonism , and others such as Judeo-Christianity .
The most significant accomplishment was the train station , which was built on an elevated platform over bridges and allows for the separation of traffic and pedestrians .
However , several legions from the Roman province of Macedonia of Crassus ' army may already have been stationed in there around 29-28 BC , before the official imperial command was instituted .
For the next two centuries Üsküb 's prestige waned and by the 19th century its population had dwindled to a mere 10,000 .
The European University was established in 2001 and has faculties of economics , computer science , law , political science and art and design .
The UC Davis Medical Center , a world-renowned research hospital , is located in the city of Sacramento .
During Tule fog events , temperatures do not exceed 50 degrees .
Transportation Roads and highways The Sacramento region is served by several highways and freeways .
Magazines Radio See also References External links
Siberia is regarded as the locus classicus of shamanism and polytheism is popular .
Scared to Death ( 1947 ) is a horror film directed by Christy Cabanne and starring Bela Lugosi .
Young and talented , Banach gathered around him a large group of mathematicians .
Rarely , bladder stones can occur in the onset of weakness in the lower extremities .
The physician may order additional tests to help confirm the diagnosis .
This system is also known as a shunt .
As one anecdote goes , Aragonés was once left alone in a room by his parents with a box of crayons .
The drawings are both horizontal and vertical , and occasionally extend around corners .
As such , trade at market price s between locations benefits both locations .
In Mexico under Montezuma cocoa beans were money .
The thumb or middle finger of the hand not holding the tambourine is run around the head of the instrument approximately one centimeter from the rim with some pressure applied .
In due course this design spread across royal palaces all over Europe .
In December 1873 , Major Walter Clopton Wingfield designed and patented a similar game – which he called sphairistike ( , from ancient Greek meaning " skill at playing at ball " ) , and was soon known simply as " sticky " — for the amusement of his guests at a garden party on his estate of Nantclwyd , in Llanelidan , Wales .
The most notable of these early professionals were the American Vinnie Richards and the Frenchwoman Suzanne Lenglen .
In 1968 , commercial pressures and rumors of some amateurs taking money under the table led to the abandonment of this distinction , inaugurating the open era , in which all players could compete in all tournaments , and top players were able to make their living from tennis .
In rare events ( e.g. , if they are hurt or if they have caused a hindrance ) , the umpire may ask them for a statement of what actually happened .
In his first year , the plant under General Manager Francis Robbins Upton turned out 50,000 lamps .
After many experiments with platinum and other metal filaments , Edison returned to a carbon filament .
After leaving the forest , they stop in the town of Bree where they meet Aragorn , Isildur 's heir .
Sam takes the Ring and leaves Frodo , believing him to be dead .
In recent years Densmore formed a jazz band called Tribaljazz and they released a self-titled album in 2006 .
File : Houston Ship Channel .
Already contemplating Best 's dismissal , the Beatles replaced him in mid-August with Ringo Starr , who left Rory Storm and the Hurricanes to join them .
Among other examples , the tort of insurance bad faith arises out of a contractual relationship , and " collateral torts " such as wrongful dismissal involving possible overlap with labour law contracts .
That explains why incarceration is usually available as a penalty for serious crimes , but not usually for torts .
It was originally released in different stereo and mono mixes , and features the breakthrough single " Light My Fire " , extended with an instrumental section mostly omitted on the single release , and the lengthy song " The End " with its Oedipal spoken word section .
Mexican inventor Guillermo González Camarena also played an important role in early television .
Although the United States is equally often referred to as de Verenigde Staten or de VS , Amerika relatively rarely refers to the Americas , but it is the only commonly used Dutch word for the Americas .
The E alto trombone became less common as tenor technique extended the upper range of that instrument , but is now enjoying a resurgence as the importance of its lighter sonority in many classical and early romantic works is appreciated .
Eventually , in the early 20th century , musicians decided to replace the tenor clef with the transposing B treble clef to aid new starters to integrate more quickly and effectively into the brass band — though the bass trombone , then in G , remained notated in concert pitch bass clef .
Most B / F tenor and bass trombones include a tuning slide long enough to lower the pitch to E with the valve tubing engaged , enabling the production of B2 .
Tuning Some trombones are tuned through a mechanism in the slide section rather than via a separate tuning slide in the bell section .
It has won dozens of awards since it debuted as a series , including 27 Primetime Emmy Award s , 30 Annie Award s and a Peabody Award .
Until 2004 , George Meyer , who had developed the show since the first season , was active in these sessions .
Julie Kavner speaks the voices of Marge Simpson and Patty and Selma , as well as several minor characters .
In the latter case , Rio de Janeiro 's tourist board – who claimed that the city was portrayed as having rampant street crime , kidnappings , slums , and monkey and rat infestations – went so far as to threaten Fox with legal action .
Peter Bergman also met and got to know Spike Milligan while Bergman was a television writer in England during the mid-1960s .
Murugan is considered to be the Tamil God .
Music played a major role in sangams .
Tamil Nadu has a total railway track length of and there are 532 railway stations in the state .
In urban areas of Tamil Nadu , modern sports like bat and ball games are played .
The earliest period of Tamil literature , Sangam literature , is dated from ca. 300 BCE – 300 CE .
It received some support from Dravidian parties and nationalists who supported Tamil independence .
In addition to the standard characters , six characters taken from the Grantha script , which was used in the Tamil region to write Sanskrit , are sometimes used to represent sounds not native to Tamil , that is , words adopted from Sanskrit , Prakrit and other languages .
Hence my cognition is supposed to confirm itself , which is far short of being sufficient for truth .
Since 1802 historians and others have been divided over the controversy of whether Jefferson was the father of one or more children belonging to Sally Hemings , a slave at Monticello . "
Peter and Jane married in 1739 .
Thomas Jefferson showed little interest in learning about his ancestry ; he only knew of the existence of his paternal grandfather .
These took Jefferson and other co-executors of the estate years to pay off , which contributed to his financial problems .
While in Paris , Jefferson corresponded with many people who had important roles in the imminent French Revolution .
This triggered economic chaos in the US and was strongly criticized at the time , as it continues to be .
Jefferson accepted common racial stereotypes of African Americans and did nothing to advance citizenship to free blacks or relieve the plight of slaves during the American Revolution .
As president , he initiated a program at the Federal Armories to develop interchangeable parts for firearms .
During the New Deal era of the 1930s , Democrats honored Jefferson and Andrew Jackson as their party 's founding fathers and continued inspiration .
By 1918 , 49 % of all graduates of the college were in military service , more than any other school .
Rudder 's tenure ( 1959 – 1970 ) marked a critical turning point in the school 's history .
The organization occurred three years before the national Hillel Foundation was organized at University of Illinois .
Students may order a ring after completing 90 credit hours of coursework , including at least 45 hours at A&M , or after graduation .
Richard Owen showed that fossils of extinct species Darwin found in South America were allied to living species on the same continent .
By December 1838 , he had noted a similarity between the act of breeders selecting traits and a Malthusian Nature selecting among variants thrown up by " chance " so that " every part of newly acquired structure is fully practical and perfected " .
She eventually convinced the director and the studio to give her the part of Claire .
TAS is also the Australia Post abbreviation for the state .
An alternative settlement was established by Captain David Collins to the south in 1804 in Sullivans Cove on the western side of the Derwent , where fresh water was more plentiful .
National and international attention surrounded the campaign against the Franklin Dam in the early 1980s .
Spring is generally the windiest time of the year with afternoon sea breezes starting to take effect on the coast .
Major population centres include Hobart , Launceston , Devonport , Burnie , as well as the state 's largest town of Ulverstone – excluding Kingston , which is often defined as part of the Greater Hobart Area .
Other Jewish sources believe that the use of various names of God in the Hebrew Bible , and the fact that Elohim is a plural word suggests a polytheistic origin .
, Raphael ( " God 's medicine " ) , Ariel ( " God 's lion " ) , Daniel ( " God 's Judgement " ) , Israel ( " one who has struggled with God " ) , Immanuel ( " God is with us " ) , and Ishmael ( " God Hears " / " God Listens " ) it usually interpreted and translated as " God " , but it is not clear whether these " el " s refer to deity in general or to the god El in particular .
What is probably the same divine name is found in Arabic ( Ilah as singular " a god " , as opposed to Allah meaning " The God " or " God " , " al " in " al-Lah " being the definite article " the " ) and in Aramaic ( Elaha ) .
Eloah or Elah may be considered cognate s of Allah due to the common Semitic root name for ( an or the ) creator God , as in El ( deity ) of ancient Near Eastern cosmology .
There are a few other such uses in Hebrew , for example Behemoth .
Winning and scoring a deal When all tricks have been played , the winner of the deal and the players ' scores can be determined .
From the viewpoint of the axiomatist , there are several different ways of thinking about heat , temperature , and the second law of thermodynamics .
Tannic acid is not an appropriate standard for any type of tannin analysis because of its poorly defined composition .
Origin and history Tea plants are native to East and South Asia , and probably originated around the meeting points of the lands of northeast India , north Burma and southwest China .
Tanks became larger and their armour became thicker and much more effective .
He says that the name problem arose " when we shipped the first two vehicles to France the following year " ( August , 1916 ) , but by that time the name " tank " had been in use for eight months .
The star Lambda ( λ ) Tauri is an eclipsing binary star .
The boundary separating the Triassic and Jurassic marks the advent of an extinction event with global impact , although African strata from this time period have not been thoroughly studied .
Nick in turn sends a worm into the network to destroy this one .
Some loanwords do , however , exhibit partial or even complete vowel harmony ( e.g. mümkün " possible " < Arabic mumkin ; and dürbün " binoculars " < Persian dūrbīn ) .
The Thin Blue Line is a colloquial term for police forces .
It may refer to the police as a " line " standing between good and evil ( citizens and perpetrators ) , or may refer to the " line " that separates the police as in in-group from everyone else ( which may be positive for many reasons , or negative in cases where a rogue officer may exploit it to avoid accountability ) .
He also spends time in seedy porn theater s and keeps a diary .
Travis becomes infatuated with Betsy ( Cybill Shepherd ) , a campaign volunteer for Senator Charles Palantine ( Leonard Harris ) , who is running for President .
Scorsese calls attention to improvisation in the film such as in the scene between De Niro and Cybill Shepherd in the coffee shop .
Meanwhile , TeliaSonera is under preliminary investigation by Swedish prosecutors for allegations of bribery and money laundering associated with the acquisition of their 3G license in Uzbekistan from Takilant Limited , registered in Gibraltar .
Since its acquisition of O2 , Telefónica have merged their German operations ( Telefónica Deutschland and O2 Germany ) into a single business .
Teléfonica was also a major sponsor of one of Suzuki 's and Honda 's racing teams in MotoGP in the early 2000s .
The IRCs converted between TWX and Western Union Telegraph Co. standards .
Internet use was then largely limited to government , academia and other government contractors until the net was opened to commercial use in the 1980s .
Names of periodicals The word telegraph still appears in the names of numerous periodicals in various countries , a legacy of the long period when telegraphy was a major means for newspapers to obtain news information ( see Telegraph ( disambiguation ) ) .
A voltage or current applied to one pair of the transistor 's terminals changes the current through another pair of terminals .
Single element semiconductor material ( Ge and Si ) is described as elemental .
Some impurities , called dopants , are introduced deliberately in making a MOSFET , to control the MOSFET electrical behavior .
Following failed negotiations with Hollywood star Scarlett Johansson , the role of Maria was cast through a UK talent search reality TV show called How Do You Solve A Problem Like Maria ?
In early 2007 , Fisher suffered from a heavy cold that prevented her from performing for two weeks .
It will be produced by Craig Zadan and Neil Meron .
The difference to both these systems was that Tycho 's model of the Earth does not rotate daily , as Heraclides and Nilakantha claimed , but is static .
But he apparently later changed his mind to the opinion that Mars at opposition was indeed nearer the Earth than the Sun was , but apparently without any valid observational evidence in any discernible Martian parallax .
amongst 1,000 television viewers , The A-Team was voted as the one " oldie " television show viewers would most like to see revived , beating out other popular televisions series from the 1980s such as The Dukes of Hazzard and Knight Rider .
When he travels , he always takes a portable computer with him to write .
OrangutansPratchett is a trustee for the Orangutan Foundation UK but is pessimistic about the animal 's future .
Other The Treaty contained many other provisions ( economic issues , transportation , etc. ) .
Biography Early life Thomas Henry Huxley was born in Ealing , then moved to a village in Middlesex .
The thirty-one years during which Huxley occupied the chair of natural history at the Royal School of Mines included work on vertebrate palaeontology and on many projects to advance the place of science in British life .
Hitler persisted and Riefenstahl eventually agreed to make a film at the 1933 Nuremberg Rally called Der Sieg des Glaubens ( Victory of Faith ) .
The elimination of the ' inferior ' people of Germany would , in theory , return Germany to its once prideful and powerful former self .
Polynuclear anionic species also exist , such as the dark brown , and the black .
Neutrons from the decay of uranium-233 can be fed back into the fuel cycle to start the cycle again .
After that the input will only be thorium for the rest of the reactor 's design life .
Thorium has been produced in excess of demand from the refining of rare earth element s. Dangers and biological roles Powdered thorium metal is pyrophoric and will often ignite spontaneously in air .
Tungsten 's many alloys have numerous applications , most notably in incandescent light bulb filaments , X-ray tube s ( as both the filament and target ) , electrodes in TIG welding , and superalloys .
Portugal , as the main European source of the element , was put under pressure from both sides , because of its deposits of wolframite ore at Panasqueira .
The low thermal expansion and high melting point and tensile strength of tungsten originate from strong covalent bond s formed between tungsten atoms by the 5d electrons .
Its high melting point also makes tungsten suitable for aerospace and high-temperature uses such as electrical , heating , and welding applications , notably in the gas tungsten arc welding process ( also called tungsten inert gas ( TIG ) welding ) .
Korean researchers have developed an amorphous tantalum-tungsten-copper alloy that is more flexible and two to three times stronger than commonly used steel alloys .
Even after the composition of the Iliad , Odyssey , and the Cyclic Epics , the myths of the Trojan War were passed on orally , in many genres of poetry and through non-poetic storytelling .
Calchas interpreted this as a sign that Troy would fall in the tenth year of the war .
There , hanging on the Cottahaus a sign commemorates Goethe 's stay of a few weeks while visiting his publisher .
Schools More than 10,000 children and young adults in Tübingen regularly attend school .
If an argument form is valid , the conjunction of the premises will be logically equivalent to the conclusion and this can be clearly seen in a truth table ; it is displayed .
Thales , according to Aristotle , asked what was the nature ( Greek Arche ) of the object so that it would behave in its characteristic way .
The seked is at the base of problems 56 , 57 , 58 , 59 and 60 of the Rhind papyrus - an ancient Egyptian mathematics document .
The tiger replaces the lion as King of the Beasts in cultures of eastern Asia representing royalty , fearlessness and wrath .
T3 can activate phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase by a mechanism that may be cytoplasmic in origin or may begin at integrin alpha V beta3 .
The TSH production itself is modulated by thyrotropin-releasing hormone ( TRH ) , which is produced by the hypothalamus and secreted at an increased rate in situations such as cold exposure ( to stimulate thermogenesis ) .
Segments of the duct and cysts that occur high in the neck are lined by stratified squamous epithelium , which is essentially identical to that covering the posterior portion of the tongue in the region of the foreamen cecum .
Death In 1955 , he died of atherosclerosis in a hospital in Zurich and was buried in Kilchberg .
Cultural references Several literary and other works make reference to Mann 's book The Magic Mountain , including : Several literary and other works make reference to Death in Venice , including : Other : Political views During World War I , Mann supported Kaiser Wilhelm II 's conservatism and attacked liberalism .
The film stars Grant Williams and Randy Stuart .
Camphor extraction and sugarcane refining played an important role in Taiwan 's exportation from the late 19th century through the first half of the 20th century .
Because of the dominance of the reunification-independence issue in Taiwan 's political scene , it is difficult to categorise either camp as " right " or " left " on the conventional basis of economic or social policies .
There are also many discussions of evil and associated problems in other philosophical fields , such as secular ethics , and scientific disciplines such as evolutionary ethics .
Tadjikistan " is the spelling in French and can occasionally be found in English language texts .
Russia n border troops were stationed along the Tajik-Afghan border until summer 2005 .
In 2010 , a Tajik citizen Nilufar Sherzod became Miss United Nations , representing Tajik culture .
Linguistic evidence , combined with ancient literary and inscriptional evidence has led many eminent Indologist s to conclude that ancient Kambojas originally belonged to India .
Between 1864 and 1885 Russia gradually took control of the entire territory of Russian Turkestan from today 's border with Kazakhstan in the north to the Caspian Sea in the west and the border with Afghanistan in the south .
Tajikistan ( 1991 – present ) The Tajikistan Soviet Socialist Republic ( SSR ) was among the last republics of the Soviet Union to declare its independence .
Because not everyone in Tajikistan is an ethnic Tajik , the non-Tajik citizens of the country are referred to as Tajikistani .
Despite substantial potential , the tourism industry , which was eliminated by the civil war , has not re-established itself since the war because of poor infrastructure , lack of promotion , and security concerns .
Multilateral work is proceeding on the basis of a draft Working Party Report ( latest revision circulated in February 2012 ) .
There were an estimated 860,000 televisions in Tajikistan in 1991 , approximately 1 for every 5.9 people .
The Haya people of East Africa invented a type of high-heat blast furnace , which allowed them to forge carbon steel at 1,802 ° C ( 3,276 ° F ) nearly 2,000 years ago .
Areas of East African mangroves on the coast are also important habitats .
By the beginning of the second millennium CE the Swahili towns conducted a thriving trade that linked Africans in the interior with trade partners throughout the Indian Ocean .
For example , about 80 % of all communities in Tanzania are patrilineal .
When women are educated , they have occupational alternatives other than being housewives , and possess more choice in their partner or in whether they remain with him .
The development of the HIV/AIDS epidemic have its clear impact on all sectors of development through not only pressure on AIDS cases care and management of resources , but also through debilitation and depletion of economically active population especially young women and men .
The recent discovery of Homo erectus fossils such as Lampang man is but one example .
A large number of Tai people , known as the Zhuang , still live in Guangxi today .
Fierce battles between Lanna and Ayutthaya also constantly took place and Chiang Mai was eventually subjugated , becoming Ayutthaya 's ' vassal ' .
The middle classes constituted only ten per cent of the sixty million population ; they enjoyed wealth and increasing freedom , leaving the majority poor in the rural areas and slums .
A Constitutional Court will return verdict upon whether he has a conflict of interest by being a private employee while holding a PM position .
Thailand is the second largest economy in Southeast Asia , after Indonesia .
As such , Thailand has joined the ranks of the world 's top ten automobile exporting nations .
Telecommunications in Thailand are based on an extensive network of telephone lines covering the country .
TOT Public Company Limited and True Corporation operate the majority of the telephone network in the Bangkok metropolitan area while TOT Public Company Limited and TT&T Public Company Limited operate the telephone network in other provinces .
Natchaba was out of the country , returning on an Air France plane from Paris .
In July and August 1992 , a commission composed of presidential and opposition representatives negotiated a new political agreement .
Bilateral relations Benin Burkina Faso France Togo gained its independence from France in 1960 .
After Togolese independence in 1960 , relations between Togo and Ghana deteriorated , aggravated by political differences and incidents such as smuggling across their common border .
However , in Tongan tradition women enjoy a higher social status than men , a cultural trait that is unique among the insular societies of the Pacific .
After an initial voluntary delay , Tonga became a full member of the WTO on July 27 , 2007 .
Tongan women have a reputation as skilful jugglers .
Media Regional distribution Domestic distribution See also References Further reading External links
Between April 21 to 23 , 1616 they moored at the Northern Tongan islands " Cocos Island " ( Tafahi ) and " Traitors Island " ( Niuatoputapu ) , respectively .
In December 2008 , the Tonga Defence Services ended their mission in the Iraq War and returned home .
4th battalion ( Service and Support ) : This provides logistic and administrative support .
The Almohads initially ruled over Tunisia through a governor , usually a near relative of the Caliph .
Kurdish national identity is far from being limited to the Kurmanji language community , as many Kurds whose parents migrated towards Istanbul or other large non-Kurdish cities mostly speak Turkish , which is one of the languages used by the Kurdish nationalist publications .
The courts , which are independent in discharging their duties , must explain each ruling on the basis of the provisions of the Constitution , the laws , jurisprudence , and their personal convictions .
The Judicial system is highly structured .
Independent candidates are not subject to the 10 % threshold constraint placed on political parties .
The country is among the world 's leading producers of agricultural products ; textiles ; motor vehicles , ships and other transportation equipment ; construction materials ; consumer electronics and home appliances .
Private sector companies operate in mobile telephony , long distance telephony and Internet access .
In the post Cold War environment , though still committed to its close relations with Washington , Turkey became a more independent actor .
In the period of the Abbasid caliph Al-Ma ' mun ( 813 – 833 ) , the name Oghuz starts to appear in the Islamic historiography .
On March 31 , 2007 , the 20th Congress of the Halk Maslahaty began in the city of Mary .
Turkmenistan is among the top ten producers of cotton in the world .
One major highway runs westward from Mary , along the Iranian border through Ashgabat and then to Turkmenbashi on the Caspian Sea ; a second runs northwestward from the Afghanistan border through Turkmenabat , along the Uzbekistan border to Dashhowuz .
Turks Islands The Turks Islands are separated from the Caicos Islands by Turks Island Passage , which is more than deep ) , The islands form a chain that stretches north – south .
Corruption scandal and suspension of self-government BackgroundIn 2008 , after members of the British parliament conducting a routine review of the administration received several reports of high-level official corruption in the Turks and Caicos , then-Governor Richard Tauwhare announced the appointment of a Commission of Enquiry into corruption .
Misick denied all charges , and referred to the British government 's debate on whether to remove the territory 's sovereignty as " tantamount to being re-colonised .
On 31 January 2008 , the Turks and Caicos Government signed a letter of intent with the Indy Racing League to host the Indy Turks and Caicos Grand Prix , slated for February 2009 .
Local government districts consisting of more than one islet : Local government districts consisting of only one island : Foreign relations Tuvalu participates in the work of Secretariat of the Pacific Community , or SPC ( sometimes Pacific Community ) and is a member of the Pacific Islands Forum , the Commonwealth of Nations and the United Nations .
The resulting borrow pit s impacted the fresh-water aquifer .
Aid programs of Australia and the European Union have been directed to improving the storage capacity on Funafuti and in the outer islands .
Tcl ( originally from Tool Command Language , but conventionally spelled " Tcl " rather than " TCL " ; pronounced as " tickle " or " tee-see-ell " ) is a scripting language created by John Ousterhout .
Originally " born out of frustration " , according to the author , with programmers devising their own languages intended to be embedded into applications , Tcl gained acceptance on its own .
This unit is used for convenience in calculating jump drive fuel usage ; a ship with volume D tons using a jump-N drive uses 0.1 × N × D metric tons of LH2 fuel per jump ( i.e. the fuel tank is N × 10 % of the ship 's volume ) .
In motion picture terminology , the term tracking shot may refer to a shot in which the camera is mounted on a camera dolly , a wheeled platform that is pushed on rails while the picture is being taken ; in this case the shot is also known as a dolly shot or trucking shot .
One may dolly in on a stationary subject for emphasis , or dolly out , or dolly beside a moving subject ( an action known as " dolly with " ) .
Also , skeptics may not deny that , for example , many laws of nature give the appearance of working or that doing certain things give the appearance of producing pleasure/pain or even that reason and logic seem to be useful tools .
Public goods This is an example of the theoretical thinking shifting the emphasis from faith and theoretical principles such as sovereignty to the socio-economic logic , as Karl Marx did .
See also References ( incomplete )
The first Op-Center novel was released to coincide with a 1995 NBC television mini-series of the same name ( Tom Clancy 's Op-Center ) starring Harry Hamlin and a cast of stars .
Tyburn was a village in the county of Middlesex close to the current location of Marble Arch in present-day London .
It took its name from the Tyburn or Teo Bourne ' boundary stream ' , a tributary of the River Thames which is now completely covered over between its source and its outfall into the Thames .
Despite the complexity of making the map , Beck was paid just ten guineas for the artwork and design of the card edition ( five guineas for the poster ) .
Kijkduin , in the southwest , is The Hague 's other beach resort .
They are divided into smaller parts ( wijken ) .
More generally , New Critics took a cue from Eliot in regard to his " ' classical ' ideals and his religious thought ; his attention to the poetry and drama of the early seventeenth century ; his deprecation of the Romantics , especially Shelley ; his proposition that good poems constitute ' not a turning loose of emotion but an escape from emotion ' ; and his insistence that ' poets ... at present must be difficult ' . "
Harry grabs Ben 's rifle and threatens to shoot him , but Ben wrests the gun away and fires .
The outdoor , indoor ( downstairs ) and basement scenes were filmed at a location northeast of Evans City , near a park .
A soundtrack album featuring music and dialogue cues from the film was compiled and released by Varèse Sarabande in 1982 ; however , it has never been reissued on CD .
Mortimer tells him that Charles had two brothers , Rodger and John .
The former process was advantageous in the past when only tables of test statistics at common probability thresholds were available .
The modern version of hypothesis testing is a hybrid of the two approaches that resulted from confusion by writers of statistical textbooks ( as predicted by Fisher ) beginning in the 1940s .
It is in the use of his elf-blade that we see Bilbo finally taking his first independent heroic action .
It " is not a voluntary payment or donation , but an enforced contribution , exacted pursuant to legislative authority " and is " any contribution imposed by government [ ... ] whether under the name of toll , tribute , tallage , gabel , impost , duty , custom , excise , subsidy , aid , supply , or other name . "
These taxes may be imposed in both the country and sub-country levels .
It is therefore common to exempt food , utilities and other necessities from sales taxes , since poor people spend a higher proportion of their incomes on these commodities , so such exemptions make the tax more progressive .
In this way , the state is able to reduce the tax burden on its citizens .
Other records are granary receipts on limestone flakes and papyrus .
Perverse incentive s also occur because of non-taxable ' hidden ' transactions ; for instance , a sale from one company to another might be liable for sales tax , but if the same goods were shipped from one branch of a corporation to another , no tax would be payable .
For example , suppose jobs A and B are both valued at $ 1 on the market .
Supporters argue that allowing taxpayers to demonstrate their preferences would help ensure that the government succeeds at efficiently producing the public goods that taxpayers truly value .
Transhumanism ( abbreviated as H + or h + ) is an international intellectual and cultural movement that affirms the possibility and desirability of fundamentally transforming the human condition by developing and making widely available technologies to greatly enhance human intellectual , physical , and psychological capacities .
Transhumanist thinkers study the potential benefits and dangers of emerging technologies that could overcome fundamental human limitations , as well as study the ethical matters involved in developing and using such technologies .
As the first non-profit organization to research , advocate for , and perform cryonics , the Southern California offices of the Alcor Life Extension Foundation became a center for futurists .
In this view , transhumanism is abandoning the goals of humanism , the Enlightenment , and progressive politics .
Some of the reasons were that they would be bored , Earth ’s overpopulation , and that “ they wanted to go to an afterlife .
Sometimes , however , there are strong disagreements about the very principles involved , with divergent views on humanity , human nature , and the morality of transhumanist aspirations .
However , bioethicist James Hughes suggests that one possible ethical route to the genetic manipulation of humans at early developmental stages is the building of computer model s of the human genome , the proteins it specifies , and the tissue engineering he argues that it also codes for .
He argues that it is possible for societies to benefit from renouncing particular technologies , using as examples Ming China , Tokugawa Japan and the contemporary Amish .
In " Journey 's End " , the Doctor confirms that the intended number is six ; Rose Tyler , Martha Jones , Sarah Jane Smith , Mickey Smith , Jack Harkness and the Doctor man the controls , and the TARDIS runs far more smoothly during that brief period than it normally does .
Season seven won three Emmys from six nominations .
Leo Johnson survives his shooting but is rendered severely incapacitated .
The show also reduced NBC 's Cheerss ratings .
The first text editors were " line editors " oriented to teleprinter - or typewriter - style terminals without a display .
The net is 0.8 m high in the center .
It was banned not only by the BBC but also by every independent radio station , making it the " most heavily censored record in British history " .
Members Lead vocalists , other than Johnny Rotten , on The Great Rock 'n' Roll Swindle tracks credited to the Sex Pistols : Discography Studio album Other albums Singles Sources Notes Further reading External links
For example , π and ( 1 − π ) are both transcendental , but π + ( 1 − π ) = 1 is obviously not .
Winston had a team of seven artists work for six months to create a puppet of the Terminator .
Film4 gave the film five stars , calling it the " sci-fi action-thriller that launched the careers of James Cameron and Arnold Schwarzenegger into the stratosphere .
Myerson-Weber strategy An example of a rational voter strategy is described by Myerson and Weber .
That is , they will give all candidates either the highest possible or the lowest possible ranking .
Physical characteristics Various bizarre forms are included here , all radical departures from the streamlined body plan typical of most fishes .
The trial and execution of Socrates took place in 399 BC .
Socrates was tried on two charges : corrupting the youth and impiety ( in Greek , asebeia ) .
Many languages have phonemic sounds , such as click consonant s , which are quite unlike any phoneme in the language into which they are being transliterated .
God gives to the patriarchs a promise of the land of Canaan , but at the end of Genesis the sons of Jacob end up leaving Canaan for Egypt due to a regional famine .
An error of a single letter , ornamentation , or symbol of the 304,805 stylized letters that make up the Hebrew Torah text renders a Torah scroll unfit for use , hence a special skill is required and a scroll takes considerable time to write and check .
The Gemara frequently refers to these tannaitic statements in order to compare them to those contained in the Mishnah and to support or refute the propositions of Amoraim .
At the Disputation of Tortosa in 1413 , Geronimo de Santa Fé brought forward a number of accusations , including the fateful assertion that the condemnations of " pagans , " " heathens , " and " apostates " found in the Talmud were in reality veiled references to Christians .
These are usually done , and are more straightforward to execute , in the upper register .
A common method book for beginners is the Walter Beeler 's Method for the Cornet , and there have been several instruction books written by virtuoso Allen Vizzutti .
For each person , these include the right to : live by one 's own law ; live in the way that one wills to do ; work , play , and rest as one will ; die when and how one will ; eat and drink what one will ; live where one will ; move about the earth as one will ; think , speak , write , draw , paint , carve , etch , mould , build , and dress as one will ; love when , where and with whom one will ; and kill those who would thwart these rights .
The first six games in the series were developed by Core Design , while Crystal Dynamics developed the latest five .
Furthermore , as another premier for the series , the score has been performed by a real orchestra ( London Symphony Orchestra , conducted by David Snell ) .
The famous opening lines of the Tao Te Ching are : 道可道非常道 ( ) " The Tao that can be told is not the eternal Tao " 名可名非常名 ( ) " The name that can be named is not the eternal name . "
In mathematics , the trigonometric functions ( also called the circular functions ) are function s of an angle .
They are used to relate the angles of a triangle to the lengths of the sides of a triangle .
For example : For angles greater than 2π or less than − 2π , simply continue to rotate around the circle ; sine and cosine are periodic function s with period 2π : for any angle θ and any integer k. The smallest positive period of a periodic function is called the primitive period of the function .
To attribute this targum to Jonathan ben Uzziel flatly contradicts the talmudic tradition ( Megillah 3a ) , which quite clearly attributes the targum to Nevi'im alone to him , while stating that there is no official targum to Ketuvim .
Selected awards and honours Awards Honours Works Novel Theatre Original works for radio Television plays Film and television adaptation of plays and books See also References Further reading External links Articles Work
Adorno arrived with a draft of his Philosophy of New Music , a dialectical critique of twelve-tone music , which Adorno himself felt , while writing , was already a departure from the theory of art he had spent the previous decades elaborating .
Instead , the ruined city of Frankfurt continued as if nothing had happened , holding on to ideas of the true , the beautiful , and the good despite the atrocities , hanging on to a culture that had itself been lost in rubble or killed off in the concentration camps .
Yet Adorno continued to resist blanket condemnations of the protest movement which would have only strengthened the reactionary thesis according to which political irrationalism was the result of Adorno 's teaching .
These fresh translations are less literal in their rendering of German sentences and words , and are more accessible to English readers .
Winter storms are an occasional problem , although ice storm s are a more likely occurrence .
The highest court in Tennessee is the state Supreme Court .
Colleges and universities Public Higher education is under the oversight of the Tennessee Higher Education Commission which provides guidance to two public university systems – the University of Tennessee system and the Tennessee Board of Regents .
In the 4-tuple models , erasing or writing a symbol ( aj1 ) and moving the head left or right ( dk ) are specified as separate instructions .
In January 2008 , while on set of The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus , Gilliam stated that he was looking forward to the project , " But I 'm still waiting to see a script ! "
Mozart himself directed the first two performances , conducting seated at the keyboard , the custom of the day .
Susanna enters and updates her regarding the plan to trap the Count .
In 1999 , Strummer , Jones and Simonon cooperated in compiling of the live album From Here to Eternity and video documentary Westway to the World .
Its characterized by its propagation in the x direction and its exponential attenuation in the z direction .
( See evanescent wave coupling . )
If the state accepts them ( or fails to act at all ) , both the reserving state and the accepting state are relieved of the reserved legal obligation as concerns their legal obligations to each other ( accepting the reservation does not change the accepting state 's legal obligations as concerns other parties to the treaty ) .
A theory of everything ( ToE ) or final theory is a putative theory of theoretical physics that fully explains and links together all known physical phenomena , and predicts the outcome of any experiment that could be carried out in principle .
Electroweak unification is a broken symmetry : the electromagnetic and weak forces appear distinct at low energies because the particles carrying the weak force , the W and Z bosons , have non-zero masses of and , whereas the photon , which carries the electromagnetic force , is massless .
However , there is no widespread consensus on this issue .
A surprising property of string / M-theory is that extra dimensions are required for the theory 's consistency .
It is believed that these two conditions ( malaria and leiomyoma ) combined , led to his death .
Walpole said that " He never wrote anything easily but things of Humour . "
In practice , TECO editing was performed online just as it had been with Expensive Typewriter ( although TECO was certainly a more feature-complete editor than Expensive Typewriter , so editing was much more efficient with TECO ) .
On a finite-dimensional vector space this topology is the same for all norms .
Its taxonomy is also controversial , with some scientists considering Tarbosaurus bataar from Asia to represent a second species of Tyrannosaurus and others maintaining Tarbosaurus as a separate genus .
Large fenestrae ( openings ) in the skull reduced weight and provided areas for muscle attachment , as in all carnivorous theropods .
The differences could also be age-related , with ' robust ' individuals being older animals .
The fossils were believed to be from a large species of Ornithomimus ( O. grandis ) but are now considered Tyrannosaurus rex .
The company was later purchased by Russian businessman Boris Berezovsky and an unknown group of private persons .
Turner has pledged to use the remaining $ 400m of his commitment to leverage additional funds for UN causes and activities .
While More was imprisoned in the Tower , Thomas Cromwell made several visits , urging More to take the oath , which More continued to refuse .
He invited teams but until 1925 forbade their members to pace each other .
The second day proved too much and , in a fever at Charleville , he retired to his château at Beauvallon .
The fastest full-length time-trial is David Zabriskie 's opening stage of 2005 , Fromentine – Noirmoutier-en-l'Ile ( 19 km ) at 54.7 km/h .
The fastest stage win was by the 2005 Discovery Channel team in a team time-trial .
Absorption and transport Absorption Thiamine is released by the action of phosphatase and pyrophosphatase in the upper small intestine .
In the same year , Cranmer produced the Defence of the True and Catholic Doctrine of the Sacrament of the Body and Blood of Christ , a semi-official explanation of the eucharistic theology within the Prayer Book .
The British Hit Singles & Albums noted that they were " tartan teen sensations from Edinburgh " , and were " the first of many acts heralded as the ' Biggest Group since The Beatles ' and one of the most screamed-at teeny-bopper acts of the 1970s " .
The Christian doctrine of the Trinity defines God as three divine persons or hypostases : the Father , the Son ( Jesus Christ ) , and the Holy Spirit ; " one God in three persons " .
Arianism , which was coming into prominence during the 4th century , taught that the Father came before the Son , and that the Son was a distinct being from the Holy Spirit .
Each person is understood as having the identical essence or nature , not merely similar natures .
MacGowan was already with The Nips , though when they broke up in 1980 he concentrated a bit more on Stacy 's Millwall Chainsaws , who changed their name to The New Republicans .
However , Burnel was quoted saying , " I thought of myself as part of punk at the time because we were inhabiting the same flora and fauna ... I would like to think The Stranglers were more punk plus and then some . "
This was followed by a non-album single , " Bear Cage " , backed with " Shah Shah a Go Go " from The Raven .
Post-Cornwell era ( 1990s ) In August 1990 , founding member Hugh Cornwell left the band to pursue a solo career .
At this time , Waits made a return to acting after a five-year break , marked at first by the re-release of his 1993 Jim Jarmusch - directed short Coffee and Cigarettes : Somewhere in California , costarring Iggy Pop , compiled in Coffee and Cigarettes .
Felton told the executives that he wanted to replace Kuluva with Leo G. Carroll .
Duel by Flashlight/Fat Vat/Bridge of Lions ( 3:36 ) 16 .
Sidewalks of Japan ( 1:40 ) 31 .
He still carries his U.N.C.L.E. pen radio for sentimental reasons and this is how the organization is able to contact him after so many years .
The Gentlemen 's Agreement with Japan came into play in 1907 , banning all school segregation of Japanese , yet controlling Japanese immigration in California .
On January 6 , 1919 , Roosevelt died in his sleep at Oyster Bay of a coronary thrombosis ( heart attack ) , preceded by a 2 ½ - month illness described as inflammatory rheumatism , and was buried in nearby Youngs Memorial Cemetery .
He raises and leads his own volunteer cavalry regiment ( nicknamed the Unauthorized Regiment ) in the Second Mexican War , fighting alongside George Armstrong Custer to repulse the Anglo-Canadian army led by Charles George Gordon .
However , according to Suetonius , after a two-year stint in Germania , which lasted from 10 − 12 AD , " Tiberius returned and celebrated the triumph which he had postponed , accompanied also by his generals , for whom he had obtained the triumphal regalia .
Checksum offload Many TCP/IP software stack implementations provide options to use hardware assistance to automatically compute the checksum in the network adapter prior to transmission onto the network or upon reception from the network for validation .
Column arcades , fountains with running water , and reflecting pools were used to add to the aesthetic and functional complexity .
Brightly colored interiors featured dado panels , yesería , azulejo , cedar , and artesonado .
It was in this setting that Christopher Columbus received Isabel and Ferdinand 's support to sail to the New World .
In film Marcel L'Herbier 's 1921 film ' El Dorado ' features many scenes shot in and around the Alhambra palace .
By the time interest was expressed in the concept Henson was deeply involved in other projects and decided to not pursue it any further .
The diagram illustrates known colour indices for all but the biggest objects ( in slightly enhanced colour ) .
Only a small percentage of returns ( about 1 % of individual returns in IRS FY 2008 ) are examined each year .
A tattoo is a form of body modification , made by inserting indelible ink into the dermis layer of the skin to change the pigment .
The first written reference to the word , " tattoo " ( or Samoan " Tatau " ) appears in the journal of Joseph Banks , ( 24 February 1743 – 19 June 1820 ) , the naturalist aboard Captain Cook 's ship the HMS Endeavour : " I shall now mention the way they mark themselves indelibly , each of them is so marked by their humor or disposition " .
Iron oxide pigments are used in greater extent in cosmetic tattooing .
Modern tattooists reduce such risks by following universal precautions , working with single-use items , and sterilizing their equipment after each use .
